New to town, I wasn't sure what store would satisfy..so, I went for convenience.. Smiths is in a small shopping center/strip mall kitty corner from my hotel, Best Western. I've been there twice in a week and had lucked out both times with great parking. Unfamiliar with the layout of the store, I simply started on one end and worked my way over to the other side. They have a nice wine selection conveniently located next to the fancy cheese area.. Smiths is pretty much your standard grocery store - produce, deli, bakery, grocery, health and beauty, oh and a pharmacy. I was somewhat confused by random Kroger items on display throughout the store.. I inquired, are these on clearance or near expired items?? No, Kroger owns Smiths! I was pleasantly surprised I was able to use my Kroger plus card for applicable discounts. The cashier I had the first time was so warm and welcoming and wished me the best in my new home. It was a breath of fresh air to have someone so friendly wait on me. I do enjoy farmers markets, but for everyday stuff, Smiths it is!
I was dreading my transaction here..the last BOA I went to, I waited forever and didn't even get what I wanted done. In fact, one of the two checks I deposited today was from that visit long ago! I walked in, got in line and waited (maybe) 4 minutes. Big effing deal! The teller practically whispered, but hey, I'm old and half deaf...she got my shizzit done in a jiffy! I will no longer waste my valuable time at another crappy branch. Back here to Flamingo I'll be!
I love the service here, they're on it! Walking into the restaurant you feel a sense of stratospheric nostalgia. From the decor to the crisp white uniforms with the wedge cap.. I definitely feel like a valued customer. The menu is very simple. They have a single or double hamburger, fries, soft drinks, and milkshakes. That's it. Don't look for variations of burgers or chicken sandwiches, this exactly what it's called...In and Out Burger! To be truthful, I don't care for the fries, I think they're lacking flavor. Not to mention the last two times I ordered take out, mine were cold. I don't live more than a couple miles away. To be fair, try dining in first. The burgers have a special sauce that is the icing on the cake,  it's not too sweet, but it offsets the raw onions perfectly. To satisfy your late night cravings, they're open until 1:30 am.
I miss when Rio had the Mardi Gras decor that moved around the casino ceiling, that was pretty cool to watch. Another thing they got rid of is the entertainment on the big stage in the casino. Rio is pretty outdated and tired. It's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle on the strip, but it's also nice to have something that makes your casino stand out, which I feel this does not anymore. I'm a players club member and found the gals working the players desk to be the uneducated on the rules and no help with my free play questions. I was having a problem with a slot machine and the club attendant attempted to help me, but it never worked out. Now I have a worthless coupon for free play I'm carrying around in my purse for no reason at all. The cocktail girls were nowhere to be seen...something one expects when gambling - a drink! I ended up running into the gift shop to buy a beer. I will say the valet staff was prompt and friendly. A second star for the fact that the Kiss miniature golf is here, super cool for a family outing.
Of course my A/C decides to fail when it's super hot out! I called the service department and got in the very next day. My car was immediately diagnosed, parts were quickly ordered and arrived the very next day. Mr. Brown, the service manager was always in touch with me and updated me on the vehicle's status as needed. Everyone I came in contact with was friendly and anxious to help. I was somewhat worried just knowing this is the only Volvo dealer in town, but it hasn't been an issue. They even found something that I didn't know was inoperative! That'll save me another trip! Thanks guys!!
Oh Nevada.. why do you still require a smog check? Coming from another state, I haven't dealt with this in years, but oh well.. so I went here after looking on Yelp.. $7.77 special with check in for a smog check? Yes, please! Especially after paying. $19.99 elsewhere last year. I was a bit concerned after reading a couple reviews about the receptionist. I found her to be nothing but pleasant and most helpful. She entered my info into the computer and advised that it would be 15 minutes. I honestly don't know if I was even there for half of that time. A technician said I passed and thanked me for my business. Marlene advised me as to how to renew my registration either online on the DMV site or I could visit a kiosk at Albertson's. They even performed a complementary inspection and provided an estimate for recommended services. So nice and a pleasure. Until next time..
Conveniently located inside Red Rock Casino you will find this little gem. When the weather permits, they have a huge outdoor seating area nearly beside the fountain out front. Because it was chilly, we sat inside.. I found the high top chairs slightly difficult to get into only because I'm incredibly short, but I managed! My husband and I went here to check their happy hour. They were offering $10 bottomless house Margaritas, and were they ever delish! Typically house drinks are made of horrible well liquor and are gross, but that wasn'tthe case here..smooth and tasty! But be careful, that tequila sneaks up on you.. As a Yelp check in, we got a free guacamole...one of the best I've had...really fresh and flavorful. The corn fritters were amazing! The batter isn't at all greasy, it was reminiscent of a holiday corn bread.. Our server was on top of getting our drinks refilled and supplying us with fresh chips. I can't comment on the dinners, we didn't order any. Based on what people around us ordered, all looked good. Next time we'll stay for the main dish fo sho!
So, I'm new in town and have no idea where to get my nails and tootsies done.. There's a plethora of nail salons around here, but I don't have the time nor patience to sample them. I asked a gal at work and she highly recommended Elaine's. She said they even had someone playing a piano one night! I don't care for the salons that have a bunch of televisions, this is not at all relaxing.. I was shocked to see that they are open until 11pm! (Slightly earlier on Sunday) the facility is tastefully decorated and very clean. I noticed they have a lady constantly walking around offering clients a beverage in between her cleaning and organizing. There were countless stations for pedicures and manicures. I walked in on a Saturday late afternoon without an appointment and was immediately welcomed and escorted to a chair. I brought in a color of polish to see if they had a shellac to match, two people spent about ten minutes trying to match up the exact color.. I appreciate them going out of their way to make me happy, most places would just point to the basket and say to pick a color. Mindy did my nails and her attention to detail was second to none. I paid $60 total for a pedi and shellac manicure. I'm so glad I found Elaine's!
I like the whole theme of this restaurant. It takes ya back to the elementary school days. As you walk through the dining area, you come upon these giant globes hanging from the ceiling, which reminded me just of the solar system in my school library. We were seated at a table with chairs, but there are also booths and bar seating. The chairs are a cute small scale black metal chair, of course following the school motif, but are not at all comfortable. It's very noisy in here, but it didn't affect our conversation too much. The menu is very different, but some safe choices too. Bangers and mash, fish and chips, pizza, etc. I ordered the Mac and cheese app as my meal accompanied with a cup of tortilla soup. The soup was forgotten and I had to ask for it, not a big deal..it wasn't too spicy, just the right amount. The Mac had chorizo in it, which I found way too salty. My friend had fish and chips. She said it was good, but the fries were even better! As an appetizer, we opted for the calamari. It came with a ginger aioli that was delish. The calamari was heavily breaded, but ok. I'd like to go back when it's a bit warmer as they have outdoor seating looking down on the courtyard. We asked for a to-go box and also received a brown paper bag labeled 'homework', so cute!
Went here for the Cinco de Mayo celebration.. I almost turned around and went home because I couldn't find a parking spot..then in the very far last row waaaaayyyyy far away opens up a spot. No big deal, it's a special event.. The restaurant is sort of small, but there's also outdoor seating on the side. Check out the window into the kitchen for a peek at tortillas in the making, it's a cool feature..For the special event there were a bunch of tables set up outside in front of the restaurant with a stage for a mariachi band and a raffle. The tent outside had very limited drink selections - beer and plain margaritas.  I opted to go inside and hit up the full service bar. There was a gal bartender that made an amazing raspberry margarita. $17 for a small margarita and a shot of Don Julio...Back outside, we started getting hungry.. Unfortunately there was no food service outside. I appreciate the whole setup, but you shouldn't have a courtyard full of drinking patrons and not allow some kind of snacks..at least some chips and salsa! I prefer the Lindo in Summerlin South.. It's larger and seems a tad nicer.
This cocktail lounge is amazing!! One level above the top of the world restaurant and one level below the observation deck. Why bother paying the observation deck fee when you can check out the view here? The happy hour is spectacular with discounts on drinks and then order yourself an appetizer or two.. Ok.. as far as the view alone, five stars!! The service however leaves much to be desired. My friends and I chose a seating area with a view and the server took the order.. 15 minutes later we decided to sit in the bar area since our server mysteriously disappeared! Four vodka and Red Bull costs $40 and that's happy hour pricing. Seems pricey, but keep in mind the fee to the observation deck is $20/person.  I'd totally give 1.5 more stars if the service were better. Btw, the Hawaiian guy (sorry his name slipped my mind) that directs you to the elevator is super friendly and delightful to talk to. I would soooo go back here for the view. Hopefully the server remembers us next time!
I am sad to say this went from my favorite BK to the worst! I don't go to the fast food drive thru very often, but when I do, I shoot for this place. In the recent past, I've had excellent service (during the weekday). Tonight and two Saturdays ago, horrible. I thought I'd give it another try tonight because I've had such great luck there. I ordered a Whopper with cheese with extra mayo and ketchup, doesn't seem too complex to me.. After waiting at the window a couple minutes, I was asked to pull around to the other side and they'd bring my food out. Not a big deal at this point. A different guy runs my food out. I drive away and then notice it's wrong. I go back to the window and waited a few more minutes. At this point I just want my money back. I've heard too many horror stories of what some people do when you return food. The guy manning the window was fine. The problem I have was the manager in duty. He handed me my money and said have a nice day. All I really wanted was a simple apology. I looked at him for a second and he ever so insincerely said sorry..he called me mean and shut the window as I started to pull away. I couldn't believe how rude this kid was. So I wasted 22 minutes, was still hungry, and now late for my appointment. In search of a new BK...
Nice staff, but I need more than that. I've been here several times and have been disappointed about 50% of my visits. I'm used to a liquor store being like a convenience store, but this is not. They have two very small racks of snacks. I was looking for some sort of chip and they only have the individual small size bags. I opted for Doritos only to find they were expired. Another time, all the single size orange juices were expired. The large sized juices they carry are some off the wall brand I would never buy..they were an odd color and consistency. They seem to run out of things easily. Though this is closest to my house and the people are so very nice, I may need to find another shop.
I love Showboys!! The second I walk through the door I am greeted with smiles and friendly hellos. The ambiance would cheer up anyone.. They have show-tunes playing with like decor. The cupcakes and everything really is displayed beautifully. It is so hard to make decisions. I'd buy the entire inventory, but that may break me. The only complaint would be the cost of things, but you get what you pay for. If you want to pay half price, get your baked goods at the grocery store..you'll regret it though.. I've bought cake pops and cookies for my Bunco group a couple times..the ladies eyes light up when they see the Showboy box! I can't wait to try more flavors!!
I was pretty excited to try something new and within five miles of my house. We had friends over and decided to order take out. My hubby was jonesing for some pasta, I thought this would be perfect! The pics and reviews on Yelp were favorable, so I thought.. So, I may have had an extensive order, but the hostess repeated everything correctly, so I thought we'd be good. I ordered two appetizers, garlic bread and crab cakes. One fettuccine Alfredo, lobster ravioli, veal Parmesan, and baked ziti.. first of all, we immediately took everything out of the bag upon our return home to find that our $20 crab cake app was missing.. I called the restaurant and the gal (Stephanie) apologized. I'm sorry, but a simple sorry doesn't cut it. I told her we'd be right back to pick it up.. My husband went inside after driving all the way back and she didn't offer anything for her mistake, not even an apology to him. He mentioned having to drive another almost 10 mile round trip back and she said he could get a free crab cake next time we dine in. Hmmmm thanks. My husband tipped this girl to simply place our food in a bag, but that couldn't even be done correctly.. So, 15-20 minutes later we get back to the house... all of the dinners are basically lukewarm by now. The garlic bread was inedible. I tried one piece and practically broke my tooth it was so overdone. The lobster ravioli was ok..it was packed kinda weird...the meat was cold and separate from the ravioli and sauce..it was also very fishy. The veal parm was pretty good, I'll give be them that.. the fettuccine Alfredo was not great..it was basically buttery noodles, not an Alfredo by any means... the baked ziti was probably the most basic yet decent dish we ordered. I may give them another chance, we do have the crab cake credit to redeem...but it won't be anytime soon...
This first time I went here, five stars!! We sat outside in a super cozy booth with a fire table and had an excellent server during happy hour. She was so attentive but not smothering. The happy hour here is different than what we are used to at local PT'S, but that's ok, it's a different place and vibe. We ordered a couple appetizers and beers and enjoyed every second of it. They even had TVs outside so we could watch the football games. Our second time here, meh. We had a male server that (I forgot his name) but he looked like Harry Potter..sort of.. the service was very slow and we had to ask for everything, i.e. drink refills, condiments, our bill... lol! It was between lunch and happy hour on our second visit and very few customers inside. We waited almost a year for this place to be remodeled..they did an excellent job. We love the location as it's really close to our house. Hopefully the last time I was there was "an off" day. I'll give them another chance based on my first visit!
Someone from work brought in cupcakes one day.. I was like, meh.. I made a random selection and went about my business.. Time went by, I eventually decided to eat my cupcake. I sank my teeth into what I wasn't expecting much...Whoa! Much to my surprise, I was tasting this amazing piece of heaven! It was a moist, banana-y cake with a caramel center. Seriously? As if banana isn't good enough! Then topped with a creamy icing. Probably the best cupcake I've ever had. Talk about making my day... so after this experience, I have a bakery banked in my mind for future use. Months later, I'm getting married! I don't even think twice about where to go.. I made an appointment, went in and sampled a couple different flavored cupcakes. I will be honest, in this process I never felt relaxed. The staff was busy and the gal helping me (I think the owner) made sure to let me know at the time it was wedding prime time. I felt as if my little cake wasn't as important (small party of 6). I brought in a pic, it was almost what I wanted, not quite, but still really cute. Though I loved the banana, my fianc wasn't a fan..we agreed upon the red velvet. The cake was delicious, the fondant plentiful and a bit overwhelming. I was told they apply buttercream under the fondant, but I didn't taste it. The cake looked good, but fell slightly short on flavor. Still great taste and workmanship. I'd most definitely try them again. My birthday is coming up..wink wink!
Thunderbird seemed to do a decent job on cleaning my hubby's suits. If you drop off early enough in the day, your items can be ready by 4. The only thing I thought to be really bizarre is they make you prepay. But after talking to someone, it's common in Las Vegas..
It's very easy to navigate around the airport property..everything is well marked. However, I don't care for the onsite parking. It's very expensive and you can potentially walk pretty farrow get to check in. I also don't care for the fact that there is no free cell phone lot. You can park in the parking lot for free for 15 minutes. Big deal. Once you pull in, get your ticket and park in a spot, you basically need to leave and get in the line to avoid paying..if you're there a second over 15 minutes, there's a fee..sure, it's only $2.00, but I'm used to free parking in my old city..I'm sure there'd be less traffic if they could offer a cell phone lot..
I love this store! It's nice to go to a place and sample all the furniture instead of looking at it in a catalog and hoping for the best. Yes, the merchandise is a bit pricey, but have you ever heard you get what you pay for? You won't find some crap set that's going to fall apart in one season.. The choices of styles and fabrics are endless. They offer Sunbrella material that comes with a guarantee against fading. We just ordered a set of four chairs and a 57" fire table. I can't wait to sit outside in my patio and be cozy! See Linda or Jose, they will listen to your needs, make suggestions, and be an overall great help!
This is by far the largest Trader Joe's I've been too.. the aisles are spacious and easy to maneuver even when busy. There are always a handful of people restocking and/or straightening inventory. The staff is super friendly and seem to legitimately care about their customers. The prices are way less than some other "specialty" stores while carrying unique goods. You can always find deals on wine, beer, flowers, you name it! I love that this location is super close to my house. TJ's, you're stuck with me for quite awhile!! XOXO
I am confused by all of the great reviews for Hush Puppy.. perhaps we came on a really off day?? This was a very disappointing meal. My husband who eats basically anything and doesn't complain kept going on about how mediocre it was. In my opinion, Long John Silvers would win an award if it were just these two in the running.. I'll start from the beginning... we received complimentary hush puppies with a side of butter. To say that I am a giant hush puppies fan would be an understatement. Any puppies I've had have been made from cornbread, these didn't even resemble the taste of cornbread..huge disappointment!! Then  we order drinks. They offer Pepsi products, sweet tea, beer, wine, and margaritas. Hmmm, no bar but margaritas, I'll give it a shot. I don't know what was in this, but it was garnished with a lemon and reminded me of the cheap stuff I could only afford when underage.. Two clues right off the bat.. My husband ordered a Mexican beer typically served with a lime..they only have lemons.. So our waitress, Dawn told us about the daily special...all you can eat ribs, catfish, and shrimp..with fries and salad bar for $18.95. Seems reasonable and based on the reviews, we're game! I opted to upgrade to a baked potato for 50 cents. So the salad bar is ok. It has very few salad toppings and only iceberg lettuce. I opted for the blue cheese dressing, after all I'm indulging, right? It was bland. Sad face. The best thing on the salad bar was the coleslaw and macaroni salad. We had a small snow crab appetizer that was decent. My husband ordered a cup of gumbo that did not resemble pics in other Yelp reviews. Typically gumbo contains sausage and a seafood..this has a shredded meat of unknown origin. He said it wasn't bad, but it also wasn't a true gumbo. So here comes our entree..the rib portion was three bones, two pieces of dry catfish (that was pretty fishy even for my hubby the fish lover..) and the four pieces of shrimp tasted like frozen food. I tried to camouflage the shrimp with their homemade cocktail sauce, even that was weird..it tasted like it may have been expired. I figured I could salvage the ribs with BBQ sauce from home..I asked for another rib and a to go box. The waitress said everything has to be eaten in the restaurant. I still had my entire baked potato, can't I at least have that? She made an exception this once since it was my first time. I would've given the 3 bones she just gave me back...it's not like I got six more of everything. There were a few loud mouth patrons in the same dining room I was in, this was annoying. Not the restaurants fault, but maybe they could seat like people in separate areas as there was an entirely additional dining room. Maybe seat families here, and ghetto swearing singles over there.?? So as I finish, I'm wondering should I really give even two stars? Yes! The waitress was on point and super friendly, the crab and macaroni salad was actually good. I'm just really bummed nothing else worked out cuz we need a good seafood joint to frequent. Oh well, moving on..
Needing a last minute wash, I found this place.. They were closing in like 3 minutes, but the staff was more than friendly and treated me like I was their best customer. I had just been on a big road trip and had about sixty billion bugs smooshed on my windshield.. I came out clean as a whistle and two men dried me off as I exited. Check them out! Great service!!!
Came upon this little place on a Sunday afternoon while needing a last minute bakery goods gift.. I was slightly disappointed to see the display cases nearly empty. The gentleman manning the counter asked if I could wait two minutes, he had fresh rolls coming out. I thought, this is weird..I don't really want rolls. He explained they are croissant rolls filled with a variety of items that include cream cheese, guava, blueberry,  and pineapple. I decided to wait and bought a variety of a dozen rolls. They smelled and looked amazing. I can't lie, I ordered a single cream cheese for myself. The cream cheese was subtle but ever so delish! I chatted with a frequent patron, she said they are the best in town! I inquired about their menu..I was told due to the demand, they are coming up with and making more lunch/meal items. But don't fret, the rolls will still be there! If you're looking for something different and fresh, check it out!!
If you've never had "thee honey baked ham" you are certainly missing out! They have nailed down the best recipe. Don't be fooled by random honey baked hams available at the grocery store, you'll be horribly disappointed. You will pay more, but mark my words, it's worth it! My favorite part is the crunchy coating on the outside of the ham! The meat closest to the bone, yummmmmm!I went here to pick up my ham for Christmas dinner. They have a solid system down pat. There was a semi truck full of hams, they weren't about to run out! As I entered the store, there was roped off area to keep the line well organized. I'll admit, I was bummed to see about 50 people in front of me, but the line moved surprisingly quickly. I like that they have extra items available that you may have not thought about getting..fancy mustards, big sandwich rolls, etc.. I was disappointed that they were out of all side items but one - thankfully it was one we liked, Yukon mashed potatoes..but I was sad that that was it.. I suppose next time I'll go a day earlier..or perhaps they can have more on hand next time.
The worst car wash I've ever been to in my life. I know that's quite a big statement, but it's true. And you may be thinking, how can someone dislike a car wash so much?? Let me tell you how.. So I'm pressed for time because it's my lunch hour, but I so desperately need my dirty car washed up. At least the exterior for now. In the desert they get dusty awfully quick. So I pull up and ask for the the basic wash. I noticed the deluxe pricing and other packages, they only seemed pricey and not worth the extra dough. The guy took off my antenna and handed it to me...that's a first. And then handed me a slip of paper. Now mind you, I'm 44 years old and have been to about 200 car washes, lol! I asked, don't I pay you?? The attendant replied, no you go inside and pay. I thought, what? I have to park my car, get out, stand in line and pay??? Um, I'm in a hurry. Whatever. I go through the wash and park around the front. First I have to install my antenna which has never been removed.. I notice my car still has dirty water marks and the writing on the window from the first guy. What a shitty job!! I mentioned it to the cashier and another attendant was inside.. He asked why I didn't park over on the side to get dried off?? I didn't know I should have.. I was following the first attendants stupid instructions. The 2nd guy then asked me to pull back out onto the road and through the back way and they'd dry my car. Well my now I've  spent far more time there than I could spare. And my car was already dry. It's 90 and sunny, hello... I will never go here again. It's too bad because that area needs a decent car wash. Bye bye $8 and 20 minutes.
Now I understand this isn't gourmet Chinese, but it also isn't the place with the golden arches either.. I expect the service and quality to be a smidge better than what I received. I've been here before and it's been better. This visit there were slim pickens.. One entree wasn't even available, I was told it would be five minutes. I'm no restaurant expert, but shouldn't you get things ready to replace well before you run out? So my second choice was my usual sweet fire chicken..sweet with a little kick. I always enjoy the pineapple chunks but didn't get even one this time..sad face.. I ordered the cream cheese rangoon, unfortunately it was way over cooked but my dog didn't mind! There was one person in front of me and it took as long as if there were 12. I'm sure I'll give them another chance, but not too soon..
I would give negative stars if it were possible. First of all, over three hours to see a doctor is insane. Mind you, I could accept that if there were over 10-12 or more people ahead of us, but that wasn't the case. If you're that busy, perhaps they should have a larger staff. Secondly, she (sorry, can't remember if she even told us her name) didn't listen to my fianc at all. He explained at least three times what had been going on and why we were there and she continuously put words in his mouth, so to speak. He repeatedly said, again, what is happening is... The dr ended up writing FIVE prescriptions! A little over a week later, he is in the hospital with pneumonia! It would've been nice if they looked at his lungs or suggested he go elsewhere if they aren't capable. Unless you have all day to waste and aren't too concerned about yourself, I'd steer clear..
Delicious and fresh food, but very pricey!! I had a hankering one night for a gyro.. I looked on Yelp and found this place. The menu was extensive but kinda of expensive, but hey- it was super close to my house. So I called and placed a take out order, I was told ten minutes. We arrived 15 minutes later - wanted a bit of a buffer, but that wasn't enough. My husband waited inside for about 15 minutes. After he noticed our order sitting on the counter, he asked about it and the guy behind the counter was like, oh yeah...yours is ready. Seriously.. ???So once I got over the price and the poor service, I found the food delicious! The tzatziki sauce was on point, all the veggies were uber fresh, and the portions of meat left nothing to be desired. Hummus and pita bread was flavorful. The spinach pie was ok, but I've had better. Their rice is light and fluffy and meted in my mouth. I want to eat here more, I just need to save some $ first!
I was here for a one day conference... Located just off of the strip.. Though I had no problem, half of the room was air conditioned and the other half was too, but controlled from somewhere else. Some of my peers complained it was very warm on their side of the room. We had a lunch in the indoor courtyard that was pretty decent. One of the odd items at lunch was corn on the cob, I love it but passed..not ideal for a business luncheon. Overall, everyone was pretty friendly. Parking was decent.. I had no trouble getting a front row spot at 8am.The building is slightly outdated and could use a facelift. It served the purpose and was comfortable for what I was there for..
This is a somewhat hidden gem. It's oddly placed in a tiny stripmall smack dab in the middle of a residential area. I was referred here by a previous coworker. I've been here three times now and have had pretty decent experiences each time. Truffled goat cheese Napolean, um yes please!! The philo puffed pastry is so flaky and buttery, it melts in your mouth.. the goat cheese, mmmmmm! Highly recommended! Service here is hit or miss..The lobster salad croissant is ok...there are way better things to eat here, take it from me..,I learned the hard way.! The turkey sandwich on the lunch menu, yum! The burger is one of the best I've ever had in my life! No lie! The Brie is the icing on the cake, so to speak.. I love my red meat, and they cook it to perfection! I can't even explain how melty in my mouth their tenderloin and mashed potatoes is.. I swear, you can't go wrong with whatever you order! No cocktails here, it's pretty much a wine specialty place.. however, when I mentioned I'm from Michigan where there are a ton of vineyards up north, the waiter suggested they may be able to order me a special wine! Much to my dismay, the request was declined. The stocked Riesling is on the sweet side, which is how I like it. If you order a bottle with dinner, they charge a $10 service fee. I don't exactly care for this, but it is what it is. I just would like to be told ahead of time. I've got $10, just let me know! The view is so pretty. The facility sits on a tiny lake..it's the desert, not the Pacific coast..we take what we can get! Once here for lunch, a friendly duck even came inside to greet patrons! I do enjoy watching the black swans on the lake...but you can't see them at all at night. It can be kind of cold in the winter (even with the provided heaters).. perhaps another glass of wine will warm you up :-)One of my favorite local places, I'll be back!
Being new to town, I'm eager to try any place possible. I worked late on New Year's Eve and had to get a bite to eat. Much to my surprise, so many places were closed. I found Great American was open and didn't look too busy. I was disappointed to see and smell how smokey it was. I couldn't imagine if it were super busy that I could stand to be there. But I get it, it's Vegas, it's a gaming bar.. Just maybe a couple ceiling fans to circulate the air or something, I don't know.. The two servers working the bar were really friendly and always offered a smile. We ordered an appetizer and a dinner, unfortunately it took a long time for both, they came out together at the same time. The lobster Mac was creamy and tasty. The sliders had a sort of onion marmalade that was amazing. I'm sad to say the fries were cold. They had $5 Ketel One drinks on special, I went with the Moscow Mule, I love when bars have ginger beer! Yummy! So we shared our food and asked for our check. I'd give it another chance, hopefully there will be less smokers and warmer food.
Why haven't I ever been here before?? If you are looking to decorate any corner of your home or outdoor space, please do yourself a favor and go to Hobby Lobby first. The store is huge and offers way more decorating ideas than you could ever imagine. You'll find a plethora of dried and silk florals with every height and shape vase/container available. You can build an arrangement yourself or buy one ready made. They also have fabric material for sewing projects. I don't sew, but I did notice the varieties of colors and patterns. Candles, artwork, baskets, side tables, I could go on and on. I spent an hour and a half here, I closed the place down! The cashier was so nice to offer me a 40% off coupon for the one item I was buying that wasn't on sale, he was so incredibly friendly too.. I can't wait to go back! I just wish they didn't close at 8 and were open in Sunday.
What a concept! Put a bunch of food in a plastic bag, dress adults in bibs and gloves and let them have at it!!! I ordered the snow crab  and corn fritters, my friend ordered king crab and mussels. The menu is ala carte - you order an entree and choose which level of seasoning you desire. If you want to add bread, rice, or many others, have at it!  Your server will make sure your table is covered in plastic and when she presents you with your seafood, you can literally just dump it on the table and dig in! My snow crab was delicious, though you have to work for it by cracking the shells yourself. My corn fritters were not as great - kind of greasy and too bready, but that's not the main attraction.. There's a full bar to order cocktails should you desire to do so.. I opted for water as I was nursing a hangover, lol! The service was excellent and I can't wait to go again. Garlic butter sauce, yes please!!
I'm a sucker for an awesome cocktail! The blood orange margarita blew me away! Thankfully it was happy hour and drinks were half price, I downed four! The chips were warm and fresh and the pico had the perfect amount of kick. We ordered queso to cheese up the matter, but I didn't care for it. It's almost like a smidge of meat chili was added to the queso.. The fish taco was average..it didn't knock my socks off. The corn on the cob is amazing! Best ever! Be sure to try the guac...it's the perfect texture- not too creamy nor too chunky. I've been here three times and have had great service each time.
I had stayed here about 20 years ago and had an excellent experience. This time around, I had friends in town and this was their temporary home for the week. We met up in the casino and decided to just stay here to mingle and play games. First of all, it was extremely warm and smoky in certain spots..as if the ventilation wasn't operating properly. Cocktail waitresses are few and far between. The (one) in our area was downright rude. She ignored us multiple times, even after our dealer tried calling her over. I'd rather pay and get a drink with a decent pour. I went up to the lounge in the center of the casino for a break from the tables.. I stood at the bar at least ten minutes..finally after the bartender walked by me five times he decided to help me. My first two drink choices, they were out of the ingredients. Nothing crazy that I made up, I'm trying to order from their drink menu.. He wouldn't let me open a tab, I paid for my one drink and sat over on the couches. Good luck getting service over there.. What's with this place? Some of the worst service ever! Does Luxor not care about their employees and then they take it out on customers by neglect? I don't know. But in this town, there are plenty other places to spend money. It's also disappointing that you can't get a bite to eat at midnight. After drinking for a few hours, people like to snack to soak up the booze! We'd like some other option than McDonalds in the food court. Luxor could be so much better..it's a fun set up..the pyramid and decor is really cool..you just need a refresher on how to take care of customers. Acknowledge us, smile, thank us..simple concepts..
I had read somewhere that this place had great burgers and have been anxious to check it out. I love my red meat! We arrived about 6 on a Friday night and the dining room was practically empty. We opted to sit at the bar. It was happy hour so we ordered cocktails off of the happy hour menu. The bartender kinda gave me crap for wanting to add a shot of Chambourd to my Margarita, but in a joking around-nice way. I decided to try it his way, but should've stuck with what I wanted. The drink wasn't bad, I just was jonesing for a raspberry enhancement. We checked in on Yelp at got a free appetizer! Bonus!! We opted for the pretzel. When it came out I couldn't stop laughing at how gigantic it was. It was yummy and was paired with a couple condiments for dipping. The menu offers several burger concoctions or build your own, which I did. It was slightly overcooked from what I ordered, but that didn't compromise the flavor at all. I like the atmosphere here..friendly patrons and staff..not to mention a nice view of the pool. When you decide to check it out, make sure you go to Palms Place as this is NOT at The Palms.
I typically use the atm only at this branch, but decided to go in today. I don't trust the atm when making a deposit, I'm a bit old school when it comes to certain things! I was surprised they had a greeter that immediately welcomed me with a smile. She offered to help teach me to do a deposit on my phone with the app. After a couple tries I got impatient and gave up on the app.. I thanked her then moved on to a teller. There was no line and three tellers available. I don't know what all the bad reviews are about, maybe today was just my lucky day?! The gentleman teller was friendly and quick. It's good to know great service is available. This'll be my go-to branch for now.. Hopefully I won't have to change my review! Thank you BOA!!
I cannot say enough about the gourmet shrimp taco at Rubio's!!! I'd give 5 stars if the people working the counter were somewhat alive. Being from the Midwest, I was not at all familiar with Rubio's until my cousin recommended I go there. It's fresh food fast. We're not talking about tacos from TBell, this is really tasty stuff! I prefer a flour tortilla which you can substitute instead of corn. I don't know what exactly is in the sauce they put on the taco, but it makes my mouth sooooo happy! There are several types of fish to order as well..pollock, tilapia..grilled or fried. Order a meal and it includes two sides. I order my tacos a la carte and just get two. What's cool is they have a salsa bar from mild to plenty of heat, picante, verde, etc.. This is my new go to place!
I don't even know where to begin.. I'm newer to the area and was in need of a primary Dr. I spent a lot of time researching and was aware of the reviews prior to meeting Dr. Adams. She is very nice and really listens once you have her in the room. I have been here 3-4 times and waited no less than 2-2.5 hours. I understand she spends extra time with patients, but an office needs to plan accordingly. Twice after waiting two hours, they called a patient back that arrived after I did. I mentioned it to Dr. Adams and she said they're trying to get better. One time I had an appointment and they called the morning of to cancel because their computer system was down. Today I had an appointment that I made three weeks ago and they called a couple hours before to cancel because Dr. Adams had an emergency. I waited so long to get back in because I was told she was out of the office for two weeks. The staff is always nice, but completely unprofessional and inattentive. I can't even tell you how many times I've called and nobody even answered the phone, or I was left on hold and forgotten. Her medical assistant performed an ekg on me and told me I was in A-fib. She assured me she can spot this condition because she used to work at UCLA. Whatever that means. She had me scared to death. She said I needed to see a cardiologist immediately for a stress test and that it would be about $5000.00!! They gave me a referral and expected me to leave no questions asked! I can't believe the approach this woman took with me. I asked her to get Dr. Adams back in the room, it was like I was asking the world. She said Dr.Adams wouldn't be able to answer any questions I had because she isn't a cardiologist. C'mon! They finally got her back in the room and the Dr. apologized. She mentioned it was odd that she didn't pick up on it when listening to my heart. Well, maybe because it wasn't there! I went to a cardiologist that day and had a stress test. I AM NOT IN A-FIB and he agreed that the person should not have addressed the situation as she did. Oh, and the test cost $400.00. I can't tell you how many times I have had to call the office because they didn't electronically transfer my prescription correctly. The billing tried to bill me for two ekg tests on two separate dates, which was only done on one date. The bottom line is, this is no way to operate a business. I understand they overbook to a point to allow for no shows or cancellations, but there is serious room for improvement here. Dr. Adams needs help. If she's going to take off so much time, hire a Physician Assistant or Nurse Practitioner. The office shouldn't completely shut down. One can't expect patients to always run to urgent care. There are too many people that rely on regular medical assistance and this place is entirely unreliable, I'm sorry to say.
If you live in Las Vegas, you know that there aren't many furniture store options around here.. I had been to a couple dumpy stores, with no luck.. I came upon this store driving home form work one day. I went in and felt so at home. We were greeted by Karen, who is absolutely amazing! If you need anything, see her. She is a great designer with tons of fresh ideas. We ended up ordering two nights stands, a dresser, a sectional, ottoman, and three bar stools! All of my stuff has been delivered and is in perfect condition. I have to also mention the delivery guys are so polite and friendly, it was refreshing.
Ok place to go when you're hungry.. we were greeted right away and invited to sit wherever we chose. My husband had a Caesar salad and I had the mushroom and onion burger. The burger was huge and a bit overcooked from my medium rare request. If you like onions, order this! They spare no expense in the toppings. The burger comes with chips, I was hoping for homemade, but it was one of those 25 cent bags that has maybe 8 chips inside...it wasn't a big deal because I was stuffed from the burger. If you want, you can upgrade to fries or coleslaw for a small charge. My husband's salad was average...there wasn't really enough chicken, but the dressing was good. Oh! He also ordered a side of chili and really liked that.. Because it was a late lunch, no cocktails this time around..water only. We never saw our waitress again after our order was taken. The bartender brought us our food, and another gal walking around tidying things brought us our bill. Low key, friendly people.. I'd try it again, but wouldn't go out of my way.
Went in here last week to seek help about an existing ceiling fan in our house. There is a man there, Terry, that knows more than I ever knew possible about fans. He sat us down, listened to us and helped us pick out two new fans. He also researched online for us to find a manual on our existing fan. We never felt rushed, it was a pleasure shopping with him. The showroom is beautiful. If you're looking for any type of lighting, or looking to remodel the bathroom or kitchen, check this out. I'm not sure about the previous negative reviews. Everyone I encountered here was great. Yeah, maybe a little pricier than Home Depot or another similar store, but it's way nicer and you have a greater selection.
I regret checking in after we paid for our lunch as this place is pretty overpriced for what it is. Yelp offered 15% off! Shame on me!! I had been wanting to come here for quite some time as I heard the soups are amazing. First of all, the entrance is very confusing. There are three sets of doors. We followed someone to one set in the front and it was locked. After walking to another set of doors, an employee decided to let us in. Seeing we were lost, he could've explained the beginning of the line. We arrived just after 4 when the price increases from lunch pricing to the dinner rate. I wouldn't mind if the bar were fully stocked, but it wasn't. There were several empty bowls. I dressed a mediocre salad, set it at my table and went off to check out the soups. The station was messy. I sampled two soups - the curry bisque and the mushroom. Both were really salty. I didn't think the curry complemented the bisque whatsoever. The mushroom reminded me of my Campbell soup days. Oh, I forgot.. You have to pay extra for your self serve fountain pop. The price has slipped my mind, but I remember it being not at all worth it. I opted for water. So then you can have dessert, because you will have room in your belly.. There's a soft serve station with minimal fixings.. Then beside that is random additional desserts..that day it was rice pudding and a chocolate lava cake. Sounds delish, but I'd stick with the soft serve.. So then I see people leaving tips. Hmmmm. I've been to buffets in which a server will get you drinks, and that is deserving of a tip. But to tip someone to take my plate away after I leave? Since when do we tip busboys? This wasn't the worst buffet in the world, but for the price I'd rather be served a better quality meal and won't be running back anytime soon.
Karen completely ignored us and when I walked up to the bar, she told us she was done for the night. Funny, the piano players were still going.. Four songs later..Karen was so proud of herself to be done for the night! I asked, really?? Not even one drink? I could understand if they were actually closed.. Karen just wanted to be a total bitch! Booooo Karen! It's the truth, that's what happened!
All I can say is Dr. Fleming is one of THEE most amazing people I have ever met. Our first visit, she got on the floor with my pup, kissed him and talked baby talk. It was more than obvious she loves animals. She spent so much time talking to us and answered every last question we had. I never felt rushed, only important.. We were there for my pups skins allergies, her script was right on. Our second visit, she was more amazing than the first time.. I didn't think that was possible!! She was soooo sympathetic to our situation and made everything better! Dr. Fleming followed up days later and has been nothing but helpful. As far as prices at Durango, they are very reasonable. I just moved here from Michigan, and they are a fraction of what I used to pay..another bonus!I'm so fortunate we found this little gem!
I can't be happier with the service from Premier Chauffeured Transportation.  My husband and I used Premier for a trip to the airport and I was impressed by the professional service they provided.   But what really sold me on their excellence was a recent experience with my elderly mother who was referred for an urgent appointment with a cardiologist.  Premier not only transported my mother to her appointment and back but also took the initiative to keep me appraised of her situation.  This was very reassuring since I live hundreds of miles away.  My mother was hesitant about using a car service but her wonderful experience with Premier has put her oncerns to rest.
The service is horrible, they don't care about customer service, they only care about money. Specially when I spoke to Jon the supervisor he said that they had so many bad reviews and another bad review is not a difference. Definitely not going there.
This honda is so awesome! Christian immediately greeted me at the service desk and checked me in 2 seconds. Then he gave me a coupon for a free drink @ the cafe which I enjoyed in the lounge with tv while I waited. He came back in about 25mins (under the quoted time) to explain the repairs and tell me my car was ready. After settling my bill, I came out to my car parked facing the street so I could just drive out. And they washed it!!! Such amazing service!
It was my first time here and I ordered takeout which was ready in 10 minutes! However I was sorely disappointed with the spicy tuna hand roll. It did not taste fresh and it was TINY!!! Also, DO NOT ORDER THE CHICKEN KATSU!!! I ate a few bites and could not stomach the chicken any longer. It was like biting into an eraser. I couldn't even chew it without wanting to gag. What a waste. On the plus side, their Mac salad is probably the best I've ever had!!! Fix your chicken Yummy Grill, that's unacceptable for a restaurant.
I absolutely love this place! It's 5 minutes from my house and every time I've been there, the staff has always been super friendly and helpful! Especially the lady with the glasses (I'm sorry I don't know your name!) If you just explain how you want your eyebrows, they will give you suggestions and do an amazing job!! They also offer all kinds of services from hair to nails to facials. A one stop shop! I feel like a lot of threading salons have really rude staff that seem completely annoyed by my existence. So this place is a breath of fresh air! I've been bouncing around from salon to salon looking for the perfect one and now...I think I've found it! Highly recommend.
My boyfriend and I go to Doh every week and we absolutely love it! Love the side dishes, and the meat quality is good! The service is always perfect and quick and there are enough seats in the restaurant so that we have rarely had to wait. We love Doh!
*RICH THE DOOR HOST* We arrived at the door for guestlist not expecting anything due to the nature of the weekend, but as soon as we arrived, the door host named Rich had the absolute worst attitude I have ever encountered. I work in the industry and I have never been shunned like that before. He immediately pointed at my one guy friend and said "Is that guy with you? No. No. Just no. He has to pay." And my friend said that was fine and was ready to pay, but he totally ignored it and continued to tell us no. I understand being in a bad mood from dealing with guests all day, but the way he treated us was absolutely unacceptable. He said "just go to surrender" and kept avoiding eye contact. And completely ignored us. When we asked his last name he refused to let us know but he immediately responded with a "why do you need my name?! What's going on!!!" In a nasty attitude! because he knew he was being a complete jerk. I have NEVER been treated like that ever before and this man needs an attitude check. I have worked in clubs for years and I have never acted that way to a guest or have had anyone act that way to me. I would give zero stars for this experience if I could. We don't even know why we stood there for the 4 minutes that we did and took that abusive attitude! Upon walking away he raised his voice to let us know, "don't walk in here on the busiest day at midnight and expect something to happen for you. Walk away and say whatever you want! I hate that shit" our girlfriend even turned around and calmly said, "we weren't even expecting anything." And Rich's response was, "'NO! NO! Keep walking"ABSOLUTELY UNNECESSARY! what a way to defame the Wynn brand! I'm appalled that Wynn would even hire such a jerk with its impeccable high standards!
I started going to TruFusion Eastern 2 years ago and I fell in love. However, it was a 25-30 minute commute for me. I was so ecstatic once TruFusion Blue Diamond opened up! I immediately signed up and was happy to see they maintained the same values, class structure, and ambiance. The owner, Bryan, is very sweet and helpful! The studio is clean, has a good variety of classes to fit any schedule, and has the perfect location! Trufusion has helped me achieve and exceed my fitness goals. Thank you trufusion!
I had lunch here today with a couple of friends, arriving shortly before noon. The restaurant was empty, so we pretty much had a choice of tables. I'm not a fan of stools, so we took a lower table on the left side of the restaurant. Our server immediately brought over a bottle of water with cups, but couldn't be bothered to pour for us. No biggie. After browsing the menu, we decided to share a couple of appies and a selection of mains to share. We chose the udon carbonara, cheese & crab meat croquettes and 3 of the tonkastsu dishes: curry, white snow and traditional. I really loved how crispy the coating was on the croquettes as well as the pork. Very light taste, not greasy at all. The croquettes were super cheesy and creamy, with a nice crab flavour. But I think my favourite dish was the carbonara udon. I'd definitely order this again.
I own a Keurig machine and really love trying new coffees, but I've been hesitant to buy anything I haven't already tried. What if it sucks? Then I'm stuck with a whole box of crappy coffee - not to mention I've wasted money.  Enter Beanwise. I think I heard the coffee angels sing when I walked in and saw the wall of coffee pods. Any type/flavour I've ever heard of, and lots I haven't - all available as singles! They can be a bit pricey if you buy a lot of them (.74 ea) but still a bargain if you buy one and discover it's just hot garbage. Then you've only wasted 74 cents instead of $10-$20 on a whole box. A couple of years ago, I discovered Timothy's Winter Carnival coffee and I've been hooked ever since. Sadly, it's only ever been available (you guessed it) in the winter - and even then, I'd never seen it in any stores other than online. I beelined right to the Timothy's section and, voila! There it was. I grabbed the last two boxes. I also grabbed a bunch of singles of different types I'd never seen before. Although I don't use sugar in my coffee, I do enjoy flavoured coffee. Some have been good, some not, but I'm enjoying my mornings a little more these days. The service was exceptional, too. Super friendly staff, very helpful and took the time to explain their membership and promos. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars, is that I felt their prices were not really outlet prices. Very similar to what I saw in the grocery store for some brands. But the selection is well worth the trip here. They've got a Black Friday sale on this weekend so I'm going to have to make another trip to stock up for winter.
I had dinner here recently with a couple of work colleagues and really enjoyed it. We shared the grilled calamari to start, which was well-seasoned and very tender. For my main, I ordered the pappardelle (recommended by one of my dining partners) and it was very enjoyable. The space is small and quite noisy, but food and service were exceptional and I'm sure I'll be back.
I was staying in the hotel for an extended period, and was happy to see a restaurant off the lobby.The one time I chose to have breakfast in the restaurant was a disaster. There is a breakfast buffet, but when I saw how many kids were running around sticking their hands in the food, taking things and putting them back, I said "Hell, no!" to the buffet and ordered off the menu. Service was horrendous. I was basically ignored for almost 10 minutes until I flagged a server for coffee and a menu. I guess they assume everyone gets the buffet. When I finally got my breakfast, it was nothing short of atrocious - I asked for poached eggs, crispy bacon and pancakes. The eggs were poached fine, but came in a little bowl of water - I guess it was too much trouble to drain them first. The bacon had been deep-fried because, apparently, the cook doesn't know how to make the bacon crispy on the grill (This is what the server told me after two failed attempts at sending me deep-fried bacon) The pancakes were rubbery and inedible. My server apologized and offered the buffet at no charge (no thanks!) I wasn't charged for my meal, but I left hungry and went elsewhere. A few days later, I went back for dinner, hoping for a different chef. I ordered the backyard risotto ($17) and added salmon ($9). Thank goodness it WAS a different chef, and this guy was good! I really enjoyed the risotto and the salmon was cooked to my liking (still moist and not over cooked).I feel the prices are too high for this kind of restaurant (seriously lacking in service and ambiance) but at least I was happy with my dinner. Still, $26 for a salmon risotto in this caliber of restaurant is highway robbery. That's what I would expect to pay in a MUCH nicer establishment. Plus, they don't have a happy hour. What kind of hotel bar doesn't offer happy hour? This place could certainly use the business because it was pretty much empty every night. When I would get back from work, I would pass the empty restaurant on my way out to another place that was either better, cheaper, or at least offered drink/food specials to lure people in. In 19 nights of staying there, I ate dinner in the restaurant ONCE (and ordered room service once). I think that says something. Lots of places in this neighbourhood offer daily specials. When you're eating out every meal, it's nice if you can get a discount here and there. I would probably not return here, since I'm new to the city and looking to explore so many places. But I sure hope the evening chef can show the breakfast cook how to make bacon without touching the deep-fryer.
I think Joey is one of my favourite chain restaurants, mainly due to the consistency in both their food and their service. I've been to three of their restaurants in the Vancouver area, and now this location at Yorkdale Mall. I work not too far from here, and there are not very many "good" restaurants in the area. I had a meeting with some out-of-town business associates this past Friday and they wanted to take a few of us for lunch as a "Thank you". Joey was the first place that popped in my head, as I know they really have something for everyone. I am guilty of ordering the same thing almost every time I go to Joey, (Tuna Sashimi Salad) so this time I decided to try something new. However, I caved and ordered something I've had before - the Herb Crush Salmon. It's been a while since I'd had it, though, I was just hoping it was as good as I remembered. (It was!) We started out with some appies for the table - the sliders and the chili chicken. Both very much enjoyed by everyone. The most popular dish with our group was the Steak + Sushi, with four out of six of us choosing that! I've had it before and it's an excellent choice. The other main was the Rotisserie Chicken, and the person who ordered it couldn't stop raving about how good it was. So tender and moist - of course I had to have a bite! Delicious! Their apple pie is a long time favourite of mine, served warm with Maple ice cream (wow!) but this time, we were all too full to get dessert. The servers are all very knowledgeable about the food and drinks, and they make a point of explaining each dish as it's ordered. Bonus points for remembering all those details! My only complaint about this location is that the music is incredibly loud. We asked to have it turned down, which they did - but just a fraction. For lunchtime, this is really annoying and very difficult to hold a conversation at the table, as there was a  speaker right above us. I do hope they change this. It might be fine for later in the evening, but not great for business lunches. Everything else is top notch!
After visiting this location a few times now, I have to say the staff are better than other Starbucks locations I've been to. Quite helpful in knowing what's in the various drinks (syrups, flavours, sugar, etc.) and able to make recommendations based on my preferences. It's on my way to work in the morning so I'm sure I'll be here at least a few more times in the next couple of weeks.
My first experience here was somewhat of a disappointment. I was in the neighborhood and checked the "nearby" feature on Yelp, and this place popped up, with a 4-star rating. I guess my expectations were a bit too high from the start. When I walked in around 6:30pm on a Tuesday evening, there was only one other table occupied. I asked my server for some recommendations, told her which dishes looked good to me, and she pointed out the seafood linguine, stating that it's one of their most popular dishes. In hindsight, it seems odd that she would mention the popularity of a dish rather than how good it tastes. But I can understand why she said it that way; it may be popular, but it's certainly not a great dish. It definitely looks way better than it tastes. The lobster itself was dry and it was obviously previously frozen; I think it was in the freezer too long because the shell didn't even crack when I used the crackers to break the shell. It just kind of squished like it was waterlogged. The scallops were cooked very nicely but the prawns were overdone a bit. The biggest sin was lack of seasoning - it was so bland, I had to add a fair amount of salt and Parmesan cheese to coax some flavour out of the dish. At that point, I had eaten all the seafood, so I didn't feel right complaining about the dish, so I waited until I was done eating to mention something to the server. She seemed quite taken aback, but immediately questioned my ability to discern what good food tastes like, because she got quite defensive and said they'd never EVER had anyone make a negative comment about the food there. I guess she was implying there must be something wrong with ME. In any case, it prompted me to come back and read some reviews, and lo and behold, there are a few less than favourable ones on here. I guess it's not just me after all. Restaurants are empty at prime dinner time for a reason. Instead of acting defensively, perhaps consider that some customer comments might actually be valid and try to learn from the constructive criticism and incorporate some minor changes - instead of acting as though there's no room for improvement. That's how you alienate good customers. Perhaps that's why the place is pretty much empty.
This review is long overdue, but still fresh in my mind. This is one of those experiences that I have truly struggled with how exactly to capture in words. I'll start by saying that I used a Travelzoo voucher with a work friend. We were both quite recent transplants to the city earlier this year and I was taking advantage of some online deals as a way to explore and save a few bucks. I know these deals can be hit or miss, but I figure it's usually worth it. Usually. In this case, it was not worth the insignificant savings we received for this particular deal. The whole meal started out on a bad note. I had forgotten my cell phone at home, which I needed in order to use the voucher. I had mentioned the voucher when I made the reservation and again mentioned it when we were seated. The server asked to see the voucher when we sat down, which of course I couldn't show due to not having my phone. My friend said that if we don't have the voucher, he would just pay regular price and we'd come back with the voucher another time. We asked to have a glass of wine to start, but the waiter REFUSED to serve us until we produced the voucher! Of course, this was the most ridiculous thing I'd ever heard, as we had just said we'd pay regular price if we couldn't get it. But no, he said he wouldn't serve us until we could show it. I borrowed my friend's phone and managed to access my voucher online to present to the server. He finally conceded to bring our wine. This was the only time I'd ever been asked to show a voucher before ordering. Usually it's given at the end of the meal, so this was very strange. I had actually looked at the menu online so that I could decide ahead of time what to order. The terms of the deal stated that entres had to be $24 or less, which did not leave many choices. I was dismayed to find that the restaurant menu (vs online menu) had increased the price of several entres so they would no longer be eligible for the deal - including the one I had chosen. I asked if I could pay the difference (it was $2) but was refused. I ended up choosing a salmon entre, which was really good. In fact, all of the food was quite good, most notably the tiramisu, which was made in house that day. I just can't get over how poorly we were treated by the server. I don't know if he was the manager or not, but his attitude towards us was horrible. When we asked for more wine, we were told 'no'. WTH?? No?!? He then said, "You only get one glass of wine with the voucher." We had to explain that yes, we understand what's included - we'll pay for the wine on top of the voucher price. The straw that broke the camel's back for me, was when the bill came. He had added the tax on the regular price of the food and drinks instead of on the voucher price. When I mentioned his mistake, he literally argued with me and was extremely rude and condescending towards me. I happen to know how these deals work when it comes to tax rules and when I attempted to explain to him, he just kept talking over me, very loudly, telling me I was wrong. Sorry, buddy, you can raise your voice as loud as you want, it doesn't make you right. It's a good thing for him that my friend paid the bill because at that point I would've given him a zero tip for the way he spoke to me. The food here was really very good, hence the two stars. But because of the way this guy treated us, I would never go back. If the restaurant doesn't want to honour a discount, then they shouldn't offer it in the first place. But they sure as hell shouldn't treat their customers poorly just because they take advantage of that discount! And some people really should reconsider being in the hospitality industry when clearly they suck at it.
Really good sushi here! I walked in around 6:30pm on a Monday and the restaurant was quite busy. I was seated right away and took some time to look over the menu. I ordered the agedashi tofu, red dragon roll and spicy tuna crunchy roll. All three dishes were full of flavour, and very nicely presented. My favourite was the red dragon roll - I will definitely return to have this again and try some other dishes, too.
My first time trying Chipotle will probably not be my last. The service was very fast, the food was decent and it's easy on the wallet. I had the chicken burrito and it was enormous! Surprisingly, I didn't get it all over me while I was eating it, because it was absolutely stuffed full. Plus, I'm actually a messy eater and require tons of napkins anyway so I gave myself a mental high-five when I looked down to see zero spillage! I was impressed to see my favourite hot sauce on the tables (green tobasco) so I loaded it on. Man, I can put that %^?* on everything!All of the ingredients tasted really fresh, especially the guacamole. Next time I'll get the bowl so it's even easier to eat. Great choice for a quick, cheap meal.
Met some friends at the Yonge & Eglinton location for dinner & drinks last weekend. First of all, this place is huge! Secondly, so is their menu! It took me a while to decide what to eat, but I finally went with the trout special from their summer menu, along with a Caesar (Sunday Special!) to drink. The trout was amazing. Not only did it look good, but it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I loved the salad that came with it, too. Nothing boring about this dish, that's for sure. I hope to go back very soon to try some more of their great food.
Really good gelato at this place. Went for dessert with a group after dinner at the Bourbon Street BBQ place down the street. Small selection, but the flavours were really fresh tasting. I chose the lemon basil and mixed fruit (can't remember the proper name) and I was really impressed. Great price point for what you get, as well. I will definitely return to try more flavours!!
Despite being crazy busy when I went here, I found the staff to be extremely helpful, very friendly and of course, very knowledgeable about Apple products. They had a good system set up, with greeters at the door directing people to various "Genius Bar" staff according to what you were in for. Fortunately for me, I was being helped by staff who were nothing but kind and courteous. But I overheard another employee talking down to another customer, saying, "You need to just trust me that I know how to do my job, ok?" Wow. Someone was having a bad day, I guess. But no need to talk down to people, dude. I guess not everyone can deal with the holiday crowds, but he shouldn't have been so curt with the customer. The guy was just asking questions. Not everyone is an Apple "Genius". Anyway, I was experiencing sudden shutdown issues with my battery in my iPhone 6s, which turned out to be an issue for many phones, so I made an appointment to take my phone in and have the battery replaced under warranty. Unfortunately, my screen was cracked and they insisted that I pay to have this fixed at the same time, as they cannot properly change out the battery without further damaging the screen. Due to the phone constantly shutting off, despite having adequate 'juice', I knew I better get it fixed sooner than later. I guess the iPhone 6s is the most expensive screen to fix, because it cost me a whopping $200 after taxes. I also replaced the tempered glass screen protector, which was another $45. Ouch. I can't really complain, though, as I've been very happy with my iPhone otherwise. Yes, they are expensive products, but also very good quality. I've had several iPhones over the years, and so far, the 6s is my favourite. I have also since purchased an Otterbox protector case so I can be sure to keep this phone safe for years to come. Or until I get sucked into buying a newer one. hahaha.
This is by far the worst shawarma place I've ever been to. The guy who served me at the counter was just short of rude. Maybe he was having a crappy day or something but he could've at least attempted to be nice. The other guy behind the counter actually did smile and ask how I was. The two stars are for him :)The shawarma was not seasoned well and the rice was horribly waterlogged. The sauces were terrible and added almost no flavour - even the hot sauce wasn't hot. The hummus was watery and tasted like nothing. Everything else was just boring salad ingredients. What happened to serving tabouleh with shawarma? Perhaps it's specific to Vancouver to serve it that way, but in any case, I'll certainly not bother giving this mediocre place another shot. Disappointing.
What a cool, fun spot to hang out! Great selection of games, although some are in need of replacement from the looks of it. Just means that many people have gone here to enjoy them!I had a honeydew milk bubble tea and it was delicious! Would definitely order this again. My friends and I played a game called "Concept", which I'd never even heard of before. Just goes to show how many board games are out on the market. We played for about two hours, so we paid the $5 per person 'unlimited' price. Not a bad deal. I think it cost more to park! Service was friendly, and even though the place was packed, they were attentive and fairly quick to bring our drinks and food. Will be going back again very soon!
What a great spot for a night out! Well, more like a great spot to spend two hours. I've been here a couple of times now and I just love it. The ambiance and decor make the place feel like a really cool, fun place to spend your evening. Sadly, they do push you to leave when you get close to the two hour mark. The food is really good but some of the items are not really what I would consider to be worthy of their price tag. For example, on my first visit, I ordered the duck tacos. While delicious, definitely not worth $17 for two tacos. Add a third, and I'd say that's more appropriate. Or, shave a few dollars off. Either way, too pricey for what you get and I'd never order them again. The bay scallop poke was just ok, in fact, completely forgettable. From the description on the menu, I expected more flavour but it was kind of bland. However, on my next visit, I had the Pit Master platter, and it was really good, and obviously very popular as I saw many of them being delivered to nearby tables. Three of us ordered this and then two of us had the Fishmonger platter, along with a few sides - corn bread and collard greens. The greens were greasy and the corn bread was dry, but they both had good flavour. The fries that came with the platter were sad and limp - we didn't bother with them. I really enjoyed everything on the BBQ platter - especially the chicken. It was so tender and juicy on the inside and beautifully crispy on the outside. I never order chicken in a restaurant because I feel it's something I can cook well enough at home. But this chicken, I'm sure I couldn't do better if I tried. I didn't bother with any of the sauces on the meat, as I prefer to taste the flavours of the meat itself. Loved how tender the brisket was, especially with the crusty edges. Yum! I usually prefer my ribs to be more "falling off the bone" tender, but I can appreciate different styles as well. These ribs had a bit more pull to them, but they were still really good. The Fishmonger platter was also quite impressive - the daikon and wakame salad was my least favourite, but everything else was great, especially the clams - I don't eat them often so they were a nice treat. Would've been better if there were a couple more oysters, too. Love raw oysters! The 5th person at our table had the octopus and said it was very tender and flavorful. I might get that next time, as I absolutely love grilled octopus. The service was really spot on, as well. I had a drink I really enjoyed on my first visit, but wasn't on the menu last time. When I asked, the bartender was happy to make it for me. Their bourbon drinks are incredible and really pack a punch - I just wish I could make them at home! This is definitely a place I want to go back to.
I went here last Saturday night to watch the final Tragically Hip concert while having a beer and a bite to eat. I had the daily beer special, which was a wheat ale served with an orange slice. Great summer beer (although I don't remember the brewery). I also ordered the fish tacos, which were some of the best I've had in a while. I've been on a bit of a mission lately to find the best fish tacos in town. These aren't the best I've had, but for a pub, they're better than most I've had in the recent past. The reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is mostly because of the service. I sat at the bar, and the bartender (Alicia? I think?) well, suffice it to say, she was incredible. Watching her was a but mesmerizing - she was so fast at making and pouring drinks - and not just beer, but sangria, various cocktails, shooters, you name it. All while still paying close attention to the customers at the bar, ensuring that nobody was left wanting anything. Great service!!
I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about this chain, and I finally had a chance to visit last week for lunch. It was a beautiful, warm & sunny afternoon (crazy for late October!) so we ate our lunch on the patio. Even a persistent wasp couldn't ruin our day. I chose the bacon cheeseburger and a side of fries for sharing. The fries were disappointing, because they were just tiny bits of potato - like a big pile of rejects from the bottom of the fry bag, or perhaps made from little nugget potatoes. They tasted fine, but I prefer my fries to be made from full-sized grown-up potatoes. The burger was really delicious - no complaints there. Juicy, well-seasoned, full of flavour. Bacon was cooked properly and the toppings were fresh and the bun was just right. I thought it was worth what I paid, but next time I'll try the blue cheese burger. No fries, though. I took off a star, because I tipped when I paid (prompted on the credit card machine), but then I was told they don't even bring your food out to you - they just call your number and you have to go get it - and you have to clear your own table when you're done. What am I tipping for? No service, no tip. Sorry.
I've had take-out from The Great Maratha a few times and it's always been really good. This week I went to the restaurant for the first time and was pleased that the food is consistently good. Although the construction on Eglinton Avenue (due to the new LRT line) has been a pain in the butt, I was able to find street parking right in front of the restaurant ($2.25 per hour). My friend and I arrived just after 6pm and there was only one other table occupied at the time. The dcor is pretty simple, clean & well-presented.We started off with a cup of Chai tea each and shared an appetizer of Popcorn Chicken Tikka, which was better than I expected. Very lightly battered, perfectly seasoned and served with a delicious green dipping sauce (which I LOVED but can't remember what it was called).We shared two mains: Tandoori Chicken, which came sizzling on a hot plate, and the Lamb Roganjosh. It wasn't very spicy, but it was still extremely flavourful and the curry was full of tender, lean pieces of lamb. I've been to a few other Indian restaurants in the past, that have filled their curries/stews with what can only be referred to as "scraps" - basically hunks of fatty, gristly bits of meat. Not the case here - only good quality meat in this food! We also shared an order of the Lamb Biryani and Garlic Naan, so I ended up with enough food for lunch the next day. Service was excellent - extremely friendly, efficient and very pleasant all around. I will definitely return here.
Stopped in here after visiting the coffee outlet next door. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but figured there would some good deals to be found here, and I could pick up a few boxes for the office. Most types of cookies/crackers can be purchased for about $2 (regular size) and they have a few specials on multi-packs. I'd never seen the vanilla Oreos before, so I grabbed a pack of the thin ones for $1.65. I do like Cadbury's mini eggs, so I also picked up a 400g bag for $4.50. Great deal. The staff seemed completely indifferent and don't even make eye contact when spoken to. Not everyone loves going to work, but a little effort wouldn't hurt. Perhaps the friendly staff next door can provide some guidance on customer service.
I went here recently with a group of co-workers for lunch, as it is a favourite spot for them. It was my first time going, but certainly won't be my last. I had the beef & lamb Chevaps, as this was highly recommended by the group. The appetizer portion was on special the day I went, so two of us shared that, along with some grilled calamari, and shopska salad - which is very similar to Greek Salad. I also had a side of lepinya bread, which is served warm, as they bake it fresh in-house. Portions and price are both excellent, but service was a bit spotty - I couldn't tell if our server was completely spaced out or if she just couldn't hear me, because when I asked her about the menu, she kind of stared at me like I was speaking another language. I had to ask the other people at my table because I couldn't get a straight answer from her - she kept looking around the restaurant, instead of at me, while I was speaking. Very odd experience. Still, the food was exceptional and I will definitely return.
It's funny, but I remember the menu had quite a lot of interesting things on it, yet I had such a hard time deciding what to eat. I finally settled on the Korean tacos, which were really flavourful. I was actually going to order them again, but pushed myself to try something new. I finally went with the firecracker appetizer, as it sounded really unique. It was ok, but I think not really something I would order again. Service was really good. Much better than most places I've eaten at recently, so I was a happy camper. My server took the time to ask what I liked, and made some recommendations based on what I told her. She let me sample a couple of different beers, which really helped me decide what I wanted to drink. It sure makes a huge difference in a person's entire dining experience when the service is really good.
My favourite lunch combo of all time is a soup and sandwich. Unfortunately, I haven't found anywhere in Toronto that does a really good one. Some coworkers recommended Ace Bakery due to its proximity to our office, so I ventured out recently to give it a try. The soup of the day didn't sound overly appealing to me that day, so I just ordered a sandwich. I was craving smoked salmon, but when I asked for it without dill, they said it's pre-made and already mixed in. Ok, pass. I chose the Italian grilled cheese instead. When I opened the sandwich, I could barely make out any cheese inside. I found the bread to be too thick for the amount of cheese and it was quite dry as a result. I also felt the type of bread was a bit too overpowering for a grilled cheese, but this is just my personal preference and I'm sure many others would disagree. It was ok, but I prefer a place that allows you to build your own sandwich. This place is better suited to people who want something quick and are not overly picky about what's in their sandwich.
Great little lunch spot! I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food I received for the lunch special. I chose the green curry special with rice, spring rolls and hot & sour soup. Really good flavours and great portion, too. Will definitely go back if I'm in the area again.
I stopped in with a friend after attending a "Taco Festival" not far from here, (which turned out to be a terrible experience) so we were still craving some decent tacos and Mexican beer. I was delighted to find that they had my favourite Mexican beer (xx Amber) and they could also make a Chelada. On the menu, they have only listed Michelada, which (in my experience) is like adding Caesar ingredients (Clamato, Worcestershire, lime juice & Tabasco) whereas I just wanted the lime juice with salted rim. I've never had ice with my beer, so that was a new experience, and not something I'd do again. Just goes to show that there are many variations of Michelada/Chelada depending on the area/region a person is from. We ordered the chips and guacamole to start, followed by a couple of tacos and the queso fundido with chorizo, served with flour tortillas. The tortillas were greasy and stiff, but the cheese was delicious and gooey - better enjoyed with the tortilla chips we had with the guacamole. The tacos were delicious but very tiny (about the size of the palm of my hand) They were loaded with ingredients which made for a very messy eating experience. No complaints there, just needed extra napkins! Our server, Zane, was excellent; he answered all of our questions and always seemed to be there right when we wanted something. The restaurant was quite dark and the music a bit too loud to have a proper conversation, but I'll definitely return for more tacos.
Kramers is a fun spot in my neighborhood and I've had a good time every time I've been. Would be nice if they expanded their draught beer selection, but it's not a bad line up. Last time I went was for their trivia night on a Wednesday. Lots of fun and great variety of questions, including some music trivia. Biggest downside to the trivia nights is the cheaters. Yes, table of losers beside me, I can see you "Shazam-ing" the songs on your iPhone under the table!! Pathetic. I'd rather lose honestly than win by cheating, but it's still discouraging when people cheat. Not the fault of the bar, because there's always going to be those people who don't play by the rules. Oh well. The service can be slow at times, but it's still good service. Food wise, I've only had their signature burger, which was awesome. Can't go wrong with bacon and cheese!!
I had really high expectations going in to Buca, based on a lot of online reviews. I'd heard from some colleagues that it was good, while others felt it was just ok. After eating there, I would have to say I'm with the "just ok" crowd. The food was good, don't get me wrong. But for the price point, the food should really be spectacular - not just ok. It was also incredibly loud in the restaurant - it was a bit uncomfortable having to strain to hear the people at my table. Not the place to go for a quiet conversation over dinner. I think if I go back, I'd want to go with people that are happy sharing food. Not everyone does, and in the group of four I was with, just two of us were happy to do so. We shared the branzino to start and then the whole grilled octopus with a side of asparagus for our main. The octopus was slightly overcooked and quite salty. I had to ask several times for water refills. I was really disappointed that Buca only offered two side dishes, given the variety of mains that come without one, such as the whole fish options. I was looking forward to some polenta, which was on a previous menu, but wasn't being served the night we were there. I love the tableside service - watching them carve up the fish and then the octopus is definitely part of the experience. However, the branzino is served on its own, when it would've been really nice to have some bread with it, or even a side salad. It is a beautiful plate of fish, there's no arguing that. It's just a bit weird eating that much fish on its own. In a restaurant like this, I would've expected the server to make a recommendation in that regard, but he didn't. I guess it just felt like the dish was lacking in some way - it needed something else to elevate it a bit more.Of the other two people in our group, one had oysters to start, followed by the octopus entre while the other person had a selection of crudo. I think this would've been a great thing to share. The table beside us had the right idea - they ordered a bunch of dishes between the four of them and shared everything. Pizza, pasta, and a couple of appetizers. I really think this is the way to go if you're going to eat here. For a shared appetizer, shared main and one glass of wine (no dessert) my bill was about $115 after tax & tip. I really do expect to be happy and full at that price point, but I was just feeling so-so at the end of the meal. I have no problem spending money on a good meal, but my expectations go up relative to the cost of the meal. I've spent a lot more on a meal and been blown away by the food and the service, thinking it was worth every penny. At Buca Yorkville - not so much. Maybe next time will be better.
I was really looking forward to eating here, based on all the great reviews and of course, the photos depicting the amazing feasts eaten here every day. I've had one other Kamayan feast experience in Toronto and it was more than double the price of Tinuno. However, if given a choice, I'd sooner throw down the extra cash at Lamesa than eat at Tinuno again. I found that the food here all tasted the same, as everything was cooked in the same manner. It looks good, and the portions are certainly quite generous for the price, but there was really nothing special about the meal. The ambiance is certainly not great (we dined upstairs) and it felt like we were eating in an office as opposed to a restaurant. It was cramped and uncomfortable. I guess they just try to get as many people in and out as they can, in order to generate any kind of profit. I don't know how else they can make money when they're only charging $15 per person. I'm sure the food quality is not very high, otherwise they'd be losing money hand over fist. Still, it was an interesting experience. Cheap enough that it's not a big regret, but not good enough to make me want to return.
Went here for lunch with my coworkers today and was quite surprised how empty the restaurant was. The food is decent and the prices are great compared to other similar spots in the area. I had the vermicelli bowl with spicy lemongrass chicken (not really spicy, though) and a spring roll. Was just over $10 including tax and tip. Very reasonable. Would definitely return to try the Pho, as it looked really good!
This was my second visit to Copa Cabana since moving to Toronto a few months ago. Both experiences were almost identical. The service was the only low point of the night (not terrible, but not up to par) Very slow to refill drinks and clear plates, and tough to flag down. We had to keep asking other staff to send our server over. They have a decent selection of salads and cold items at the buffet (I didn't try any of the hot buffet items) and the breads they have are fantastic. There was a cranberry orange loaf that was still warm, and so delicious. I could've easily filled up on that. The servers bring around freshly made corn bread, fried bananas and fries to the tables. The bananas have WAY too much sugar for my taste, but I love the corn bread. The main event, of course, is that they bring around a wonderful selection of spit-roasted meats to slice at the tables. They can be a bit salty for some (perfect for me) but the quality is fantastic. Probably the best chicken I've ever had in a restaurant (you could just cut it with your fork!) and the other meats are so tender and flavourful. The highlight of the evening, though, is the entertainment; beautiful Brazilian dancers / performers and fantastic music. It's very loud but such a great vibe! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will definitely return.
My first experience here probably won't be my last, although I wasn't overly impressed this visit. I had been craving smoked meat and matzoh ball soup for a while now, so when I went in, I ordered a Montreal Smoked Meat sandwich on rye for take-out. Apparently, they only serve matzoh ball soup on Fridays and Saturdays. Despite what seemed to be a very large number of people working, it still took about 15 minutes to make the sandwich. It's a pile of meat between 2 slices of bread with mustard. Why does it take so long? I actually started craving smoked meat after looking at the photos posted here and I was literally salivating looking at all that glorious meat. Sadly, when I got back to my office with my sandwich less than 10 minutes later, I saw that it was filled with very dry meat, which tasted pretty average. What happened to the juicy, glistening smoked meat I saw in the photos? I should've taken a photo of my sandwich, but I was in a bit of a hurry to get to a meeting, so I just scarfed it back quickly. I have never needed to drink water while eating a smoked meat sandwich before, but this time, I did. Mind you, every place I've had a smoked meat sandwich before, they've always asked "lean, medium or fatty?" At Katz's, they don't give you the choice. I was expecting a happy combination, giving me some lean and some juicy, fatty meat. Nope.I also had a side of cucumber salad and a dill pickle, which I didn't particularly enjoy, but that's on me - just not for me. Next time, I'll try a pastrami sandwich or just get some meat by the pound, on the weekend so I can get my matzoh ball soup.
I went for dinner to Smoked & Cracked with a large group of people (10 of us) and left a bit disappointed with my experience. The food itself was pretty good, but a few items were just average. I ordered the lobster chowder and and a regular sized hot lobster roll ($35) with a side of kale caesar salad. The large lobster roll, dubbed "The Big Crack" was a whopping $65. Worth it? Not according to the one person in our group who ordered it. It didn't look much bigger than mine, to be honest. I wish I'd gotten a photo of the two of them side by side for comparison. The chowder was under-seasoned and had only two small pieces of lobster in it. I ended up ordering a cup of lobster bisque after my meal, as I was still hungry. The bisque was much better than the chowder, although it was a bit on the salty side. Maybe it got the salt that was supposed to go in the chowder?!The lobster roll was really quite good, though. Nice, big, buttery chunks of lobster on an amazingly soft, toasted roll. I especially enjoyed the kale caesar. It's odd that there was no mention of kale on the menu board, though (or by our server). One of the girls in our group said she really hated kale and wouldn't have ordered it if she'd known. She did eat some, but gave the majority of it to the person next to her. The problem I have with this place is that they refuse to split bills. They just give you one bill for your group and expect you to figure it out. All fine and dandy, unless you ask questions about the gratuity! Our server didn't know what percentage she used to calculate the gratuity, and then got all flustered when I asked if it was on the pre- or post-tax total. Plus, there were three different amounts for the tax on the bill, and she couldn't answer when we asked what the difference was. For the record, they charge an 18% gratuity on the post-tax total, so you are paying tip on top of the HST. This is pretty sneaky, in my opinion. Had the service been really good, I wouldn't have cared, but it wasn't. I needed to leave early and wanted to make sure I was paying the right amount, but it was like pulling teeth to get this sorted out. She ended up sending the manager (owner?) over to answer questions. How hard can it be? It took about 30 minutes to figure out how much each of us were supposed to pay. What a nightmare. I don't think I'd go back with a large group again unless we were sharing everything and splitting the bill evenly at the end. Such a shame, really. This could've been a great place for a work dinner.
I went to Lamesa with a group on Sunday night for the Kamayan experience. We were all very excited and intrigued to try this, as it was a first time for all of us. We all chatted about what it would be like, wondering how we'd manage to eat (the rice, especially) without utensils. It was much easier than I thought, as the rice is slightly sticky, so you could just use your fingertips to press it together into kind of a ball and eat it that way. The servers start by "building" your meal on the table, but it's not really communal as I originally thought. You basically get your own portion presented in front of you, so fortunately, nobody else's fingers will be touching your food (I was a bit worried about that part). They explained what each part of the meal was, including all the different sauces. Each item sounded better than the next. There wasn't a single item in the meal that I didn't love. The Adobo chicken wing was fantastic, as was the milk fish. Delicious garlic rice, as well. I ate every bite - should've taken a photo of my super clean section of leaf afterwards!! I would definitely return for this meal in the future.
I discovered The Hairy Coo Tour Company when I was searching for things to do in Edinburgh.  In fact, it was listed at the top of the most recommended attractions.  Their website lists a few tours available, with the "Free Highland Tour" being the most popular.  It's technically only "free" if you're a miserly cheapskate, though, because they operate on a "tips-only" basis.  This allows people to pay what they feel the tour is worth (or what they can afford). I personally thought the tour was worth a heck of a lot more than what their cost is to run it (17 GBP per person, according to their website) because you really do get to see a LOT during the course of the day.  We left at 8:45am and arrived back at 6:30pm, so it was a full day of sightseeing.Our tour guide, Donald, was amazing. Great sense of humour and very knowledgeable about all of the sites we visited. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this tour company to anyone - and I would most definitely look them up for another tour if I go back to Edinburgh.
I purchased a Groupon for two services here, a choice of microdermabrasion or  chemical peel. I am a bit leery of anything to do with the word "chemical" so I chose microdermabrasion. When I called to make my first appointment, the gentleman who answered the phone was extremely polite and courteous while speaking to me. He answered my questions and scheduled me in for my preferred time and day. So far, so good. On the day of my appointment, I left the house with no makeup on, since they would just be taking it off anyway. Over the past couple of years, I've developed some redness on my left cheek and forehead, which seems to get worse on certain days. I'm not quite sure what causes it, which is why I'm seeking out various skin care remedies to treat it. I used to have completely clear, beautiful skin so this has been extremely depressing for me and I feel incredibly self-conscious about it. When I walked into the clinic, the woman behind the desk (Silvia) looked up and I told her I was there for my appointment. She looked at me and said in kind of a loud voice, "What's wrong with your face?" I was mortified and instantly felt extremely embarrassed that I had left the house without makeup on. I glanced around and saw a few people (likely staff) turn to look at me while I stammered a reply, something to the effect of, "That's what my face looks like without makeup and that's why I'm here." I couldn't believe her lack of professionalism - I was actually shocked at how rude it was to blurt that out. Anyway, after completing the intake form, I was taken into a room for my treatment where a lovely young woman asked a series of questions and we spoke about the treatment. After completing the microdermabrasion, I went to the front counter to schedule my next appointment and pay the tax on my Groupon. Silvia apologized to me, saying that someone on her staff had pointed out that she had been rude to me. She seemed genuinely surprised that it was perceived that way, and went on to make a few excuses for the comment she had made. I thanked her for the apology, scheduled my next appointment and left. I don't know why, but her comment stung quite a bit. Probably because I felt vulnerable without makeup and wasn't expecting a "professional" to react that way, but also because her apology seemed pretty insincere. My next appointment was a couple of months later and upon going into the clinic, I had that uncomfortable feeling return. The service was fine and the technician was great (I don't remember her name, unfortunately) but in all, it was really not a relaxing experience. I hesitated between two and three stars, but ultimately I thought the actual service was fine so I stuck with three stars. I understand it's a clinic and not a spa, but they would do well to maybe oil the door hinges so they don't squeak so loudly - not to mention every time they open/close a door, it sounded like they were slamming them. It's just the layout of the rooms - the walls don't go up to the ceiling, so you can hear every noise, including all the loud voices in the hall. Also, several times people walked into my treatment room by mistake. It was just very disconcerting. I think there's an expectation of privacy and perhaps a somewhat quiet environment when getting these treatments done that is not present at this clinic. I could certainly overlook this if everything else was great, but it just felt like one more thing that added to the list of reasons not to return. I made a joke about getting some WD40 for the squeaking door hinges to Silvia, but she just stared at me and said she didn't understand what that was. I tried to explain but it didn't seem to matter. Oh well. I had come prepared this visit with my tinted moisturizer to apply before leaving, which I did in the washroom. When I was done, there was no "thanks for coming" or any conversation about any follow up treatments - in fact, when I saw Silvia in the hall and asked if there was anything else, she just said no, so I left feeling like they didn't even want my business. This, combined with my initial feeling on my first visit, I guess I shouldn't feel bad about not going back. Whenever I try a new place (Groupon or not) the question I ask myself is would I return (and pay full price)? In fact, I'm more likely to return in future when I feel like I got a great deal on my first visit. In this case, my response would be no to both. Even with a discount, I'm not interested in going back. I've tried a few other places in the past couple of months and I'm happy to say I've found a place that I feel really good about and have chosen to go there instead for my future skin care needs. Customer service is so important in this industry so I truly hope that Silvia can try to be more tactful towards her clients in the future.
It pains me to write this review, but I'm hoping the management will see it and make some improvements. I know it's the first week being open, but come on. I've been to The Cheesecake Factory in Vegas and lineups can be crazy there, too. But they managed things much better in Vegas. My experience was for takeout. I called in my order at around 11:45am. The person I spoke to said my food would be ready in half an hour. I knew it was going to be busy, but the website stated they had designated parking for takeout orders and you could call when you arrive to see if your food is ready. It even says they'll bring your food out to your car (not true). I called the number when I arrived at the restaurant and they said it wasn't ready but they were working on it. When I asked how long it would take, she hung up on me.To avoid the nightmare of parking, I stopped in the parking lot and my friend got out to pick up the food. I waited ten minutes and called the curbside pickup line again. No answer this time. I called twice more with no luck. I finally got a parking spot and went inside. I was immediately blocked by an employee who told me to get in line. Look, I understand it's busy, but employees should ask "how can I help you?" Instead of, "you need to get in line". I told her I was meeting my friend who was already in line so she let me in. There were lines EVERYWHERE. You basically had to line up to get in another line. When I found my friend, she was in the mall side in a very long line with four or five people in front of her. There were bags and bags of food lined up for people to pick up. I thought it would be about five more minutes to get our food, but no. We waited another 20 minutes, because this line was for both people ordering takeout as well as picking up. I've never waited so long to pick up my food from any restaurant. When I finally got to the front, they confirmed my order by checking every item in the bag. Perhaps they've had a few mixups in the past, so it was good they verified everything. However, it was 12:48pm at that time. A full hour after I ordered and more than half an hour waiting in line, the whole time my food was sitting there. Of course, the food was cold by the time we finally got to eat it. I nuked mine, but some things just don't taste as good when you do that. We shared the egg roll sampler, chicken quesadilla and zucchini sticks and another friend had a chicken pasta lunch special (don't recall the name). They really need to get things sorted out. One line to order takeout, and one line to pay/pick up your food that you already ordered. Simple. The food was fine, but would've been so much better when it was hot (or at least warm enough that it didn't require reheating)I'll go back in the new year after the hype has died down a bit, and update my review.
Love this place! I had a mad craving for tacos one day, so I took a detour on my way home from work and stopped in for some Mexican fare. Obviously, I'm not Mexican and I have actually never even been to Mexico, so I'm definitely not qualified to speak about the authenticity of the food here, but I most certainly can comment on the flavours and presentation of the food. My opinion is WOW... just Wow. Seriously delicious food. I had the octopus tacos, guacamole with chips and finished off with crab cakes. I also had a beer, but in hindsight I should've had a margarita instead. They looked delicious! I tried a few different hot sauces, and boy, were they good! A couple were a bit too hot for me, but I enjoyed trying them. I put a couple of drops of each one onto the guacamole as I devoured it, so I could see which one I liked best. The octopus tacos were perfection. I should've ordered double and skipped the crab cakes, as they were not as enjoyable for me. The guacamole was fantastic and I loved the house made chips. Service was exceptional. I sat at the bar on my own and everyone was extremely friendly and I felt very welcome. Oftentimes, when dining solo, I feel a bit out of place or ignored. Not the case here. It seemed that the staff really went out of their way to make me feel at ease and ensure that I had a good experience. What a difference this makes in a dining experience. Can't wait to go back for more tacos!!
When I walked in, the place was almost empty. Not sure if it's just the time of day when it's not that busy (around 2pm on a Sunday) or if it's an indication of a place that's past its prime. I wanted to sit outside to enjoy the sun, but the 2 patio umbrellas only shaded two tables, which were the only ones occupied. I didn't apply sunscreen when I left my place, so I chose to sit inside. I sat down at a large table near the window so I could still enjoy the sunshine. When the server finally approached me, she asked if I was waiting for others and when I told her it's just me, she said, "Well, if a big group comes in, you'll have move because this is our only large table." Immediately, I wanted to leave. In hindsight, I probably should've. Because when I look around the place and there are SO MANY empty tables that could easily be pushed together in the off chance a large group walked in, well, I guess I sure didn't feel like a valued customer. In any case, I ordered their super shitty Sunday Caesar for $5 - which was absolutely nothing special (see photo) and their Vegas Benedict - I have no idea why it was called that, but they should immediately change the name. "Vegas" should be reserved to describe something that is over-the-top, wow-my-pants-off good. This was nothing close. It was half-decent diner food that I would expect to pay about $5 less for. Really bland and boring - thank goodness for Frank's Red Hot on the table. At least the eggs were cooked properly. Would I return? Not likely.
Nice little caf with beautiful pastries, if I'm to go by the other photos posted. However, there weren't many options in the display case the two times I visited. I suppose I better get there earlier in the day. I tried the mille-feuille on my first visit - it was a generous portion but not as delicate as I was expecting. In fact, the layers seemed almost soggy when I put my fork in. Flavours were ok but the pastry cream was a bit thick and heavy. Today I tried a croissant and a slice of broccoli & cheddar quiche. The croissant was very buttery and flaky - very nice - even better when warmed up. The quiche was very thin, but full of broccoli - although not much cheddar - I think it's only sprinkled on top. However, it was lovely and creamy. I just wish it was thicker, so as to feel more substantial. Kind of pricey in my opinion, $2.45 for a croissant and $5.95 for a slice of quiche. I don't recall exactly what I paid for the mille-feuille but I remember being surprised at the price. And not in a good way. I'd like to try their lemon tarts if they still have them, though, because in the photos they look amazing and lemon tarts are my favourite.
This is now my favourite sushi spot in Toronto. I've been here a few times, mostly for take out. They have a great selection for combo dishes and specialty rolls, and everything tastes really fresh. My favourite roll is the Black Dragon, with tempura shrimp inside, topped with unagi and avocado. Great value, especially if you share a variety of dishes with friends.
Had dinner here for the first time a couple of days ago. My dining companion and I both just recently moved to the area, so we are checking out spots in our new 'hood. She arrived before I did, and was already seated with a drink. I sat down and we started chatting, catching up on what's been happening since we last saw each other back in Vancouver. About 10 minutes into the conversation, I realized that our server hadn't been by our table since I arrived and I was really craving a bevvie. Finally someone came by to take our order, and we both ordered pizza and drinks.She had a glass of wine and I chose a nut brown ale, as I'm hoping to discover some new local brews. This is the downside to beer drinking: when you have favourites in your hometown, you need to start over finding new faves in your new city. Oh, wait... that's probably an upside - trying lots of new beers! Anyways, on to the food...I ordered the Funghi pizza with mushrooms, taleggio and truffle oil and my friend had the Pappa pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella and arugula. Both were delicious. She managed to finish her entire pizza, but I had to wrap my leftovers when I threw in the towel after eating 3/4 of it. It made for an excellent breakfast the next morning, though! Service was slow, and there wasn't much for follow-up until we were done, but we didn't really need anything after we got our food and drinks so it was fine. This place is a bit on the pricier side for a casual eatery, but I'll probably return seeing as how I live in the area and I love pizza! Would also like to try their tiramisu...
My friends and I went for dinner the other day and we got there around 6:30pm, which meant we could order beer at their happy hour prices ($5.09). This seems insanely good; however, you are not getting a true pint of beer for that price, so it's not as cheap as you first think. (my beer was 16oz) That being said, it's still a good price for a beer after work and their list is better than most places. I have to say, the menu here has a lot of really unique items. However, I don't know that I would be in any way inclined to spend $45 on a surf & turf Philly cheesesteak sandwich. In fact, I would rather go to the Keg around the corner for a sirloin steak & 8oz. lobster tail for the same price.I ordered the daily special, which was a jerk chicken quesadilla for $13.95. It tasted fine and was a decent portion, however, it was mostly filled with potatoes, which the server failed to mention. Given that I was already getting my fair share of potatoes with my side order of fries, I would likely have chosen something else, or even just gotten a different side.One of my friends had the Flaming Greek Burger, which was topped with fried Kefalotyri cheese. They bring a shot of flaming Sambuca or Ouzo (I'm guessing, because the server didn't actually say what it was, she just poured it on) and then doused the flame with a squeeze of lemon juice. Given that my friend doesn't drink alcohol, it was a bit of a surprise to him. The menu doesn't mention this part, and the server didn't even ask if it was ok - just poured it on and left. He ate the burger, but I really think this should be detailed on the menu, or have the server explain this at the time of ordering. Not everyone wants booze poured on their food.This seems like it could be a fun place to have drinks with friends after work, but I can't say I'm too inclined to want to eat there. Prices are about 20% higher than they should be. This is not fine dining, it's pub food. Interesting, for sure, but still pub food.
I went here for lunch recently because I was in the neighbourhood running errands and their sign said "Fast Take Out" - I thought why not.. I ordered the chicken souvlaki lunch (1/2 order) and when I got back to my office, I was very disappointed with the meal. It was a good portion, but the food was just meh. The Greek salad was basically a bunch of romaine lettuce with one piece of tomato, one piece of cucumber, some feta cheese and a couple of olives, absolutely DRENCHED in some weird tasting salad dressing. I guess this is the "modern" part - since Greek salad should not have salad dressing on it, nor should it have lettuce. The chicken was very tasty, but the rice & potatoes were, in my opinion, not very good. The rice had a bizarre texture - like it was either overcooked, or leftover from the day before. I am more of a traditionalist when it comes to Greek food, so I'm going to stick with the authentic spots instead.
What an amazing find! This small food counter in the back of the Hasty Market serves up amazingly fresh food, including salads, sandwiches, pre-made dinner and lunch combos, snacks, desserts and more. The falafel and shawarma wraps/plates are unreal. Packed full of delicious falafel or chicken, shredded lettuce, onions, tomatoes, (roasted zucchini, bell peppers and eggplant on the falafel wrap) pickled veggies and dill pickles topped with three different sauces (garlic, tahini and I forgot the 3rd) plus hot sauce. And they're HUGE! Seriously ah-mazing!! So glad this place is in my neighborhood so I don't have to cook when I don't feel like it. I got some amazing food to take home for the next couple of days. :)
Since moving to Toronto, I've been to this restaurant 4 times already and I have been impressed with every visit. I love their oyster specials (Fanny Bays are 10 for $12 and Malpeques are $1 ea) on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, but the regular menu items are also really good!I was really wowed by the unagi risotto - so much so that I've ordered it three times out of four visits to date. Monk fish tacos are also great, along with the grilled squid. Best of all is the service - the girls are lovely and so friendly. It's like being at a friend's place for a big party lol. Location is great - close to my current hotel and one of my offices for work, so I'm sure I'll be back again soon.
My friend and I went for dinner a couple weeks ago and I joked that I always get the same thing (Keg Classic dinner) so this time I'm trying something different. We have been wanting to check out the Keg Mansion since moving to Toronto, so we finally went. It was surprisingly busy at 6pm on a Sunday. The place was absolutely packed. I personally don't know anyone who doesn't love the Keg. If I've ever had any issue with my food, they've always been very quick to make things right. The service is what puts them above some other steak joints out there, and let's face it - they know how to cook a steak. Unfortunately, this trip to the Keg Mansion was slightly lacking in the service department - which is why I couldn't give five stars. Our server seemed like she was bored - I don't think she smiled once. But she brought our food and drinks in a timely manner, so I can't really complain about her skills as a server. Perhaps she was just having an off day. I asked my friend if he wanted to split an appetizer, and we agreed on the escargot. Then we both decided on... the Keg Classic filet mignon dinner. Hahaha - one of these days, I'll have something else, I just know it. The food, as usual, was excellent. The escargot was garlicky and buttery, served with a soft dinner roll to soak up all that goodness. Followed by a perfectly cooked medium rare filet mignon, and fully loaded baked potato. What more can you ask for? Even the veggies and sauted mushrooms were seasoned well and perfectly cooked. Although I don't eat a lot of red meat, any time I'm craving a good steak, I know I'll find one at the Keg!
Bar Fancy is anything BUT fancy. That's not to say it's a terrible thing, just lower your expectations. I went here with a group of friends for happy hour and I was disappointed to find their food specials were contingent upon how much you drink. For instance, oysters are half price, but you can only order 1/2 dozen for every drink you order. Same for the chicken, I think it's a maximum of 3 pieces per drink (plenty for me). The chicken is quite good, but I didn't like that the dominant flavor for me was sugar. Beer was really overpriced - their "seasonal" beers were $9 a pint. Really expected lower prices at happy hour, but I guess only their food is on the HH menu. What I really disliked was the tiny paper plates and cheap plastic cutlery they give you to eat with. They could at least spring for some better quality disposable forks if they want to eliminate doing dishes. It was a joke trying to eat with the crappy ones they provide. And the napkins are the same ones they use in the bathroom. Maybe they're just going for a picnic vibe or something, but I didn't really care for it. If I'm in a restaurant paying $9 for a beer, I'd like a decent plate and a real fork to eat with. The ambience is pretty cool, but is it ever loud in there!! As a group of six, we had an extremely difficult time trying to hold a conversation between more than two people, because we essentially had to shout across the table to be heard. Had we known this, I'm sure we would have chosen another venue for this particular outing. Service was ok, but they don't really keep track of who is ordering what - for example, they count how many pieces of chicken were ordered at the table, not by the person. So they bring a plate of chicken to the table, and because it's so loud, we couldn't figure out who ordered what and when. Some people ended up not getting what they ordered or had to wait a super long time for their food because someone at the other end of the table thought it was their order. Bottom line, I think this has to be your kind of place, and it's certainly not for everyone. I thought it was ok, but nothing about it would bring me back.
My friend and I had dinner here last week. It was a place she'd been to many years ago when she lived in Toronto and remembered it had really good pizza. We both chose to have pizza - mushroom & spinach for me, prosciutto on whole wheat for her. I really enjoyed mine, but couldn't eat the whole thing. Had half wrapped up for lunch the next day. Service was adequate but got the feeling our server would rather be elsewhere. He seemed annoyed when we asked questions about the menu. Good food at a decent price but not sure I'll return.
Had lunch here in the summer and I've been meaning to go back ever since. I recently went for dinner with a co-worker for dinner and we both enjoyed our meals. I had a pizza and really enjoyed it - loved the chewy, crisp crust! My co-worker had the papardelle and said it was delicious. We also had a couple glasses of wine, which were well-priced and very enjoyable. I was very impressed with our server as he was extremely polite and knowledgeable about the menu, which I expect at most places, but don't always get. Will definitely return.
I used to go to Jimmy the Greek when I lived in BC. In fact, the location at Lougheed Mall in Burnaby, which was very close to my office, was so good that I would go 3-5 times a month for lunch. I was at Yorkdale Mall recently and saw that JTG had a store here, so of course I had to eat there! I ordered the same dish I always got - Chicken Souvlaki Dinner. The chicken was incredibly dry and over-cooked and the sides were just blah. Even the hot sauce wasn't very good. I used to always order extra and douse my chicken and rice with it. I guess they don't have the same suppliers here. I know it's just Mall food, but I've had good Mall food and this ain't it!
I was in the neighborhood looking for a quick bite so I decided to give this place a try. I did not look at any reviews beforehand, which is probably a good thing, as there were not many favourable ones on here. I was seated right away but it did take a long time before my server came back to take my order. I started with a trio of sake and the assorted sashimi. I was really impressed with the quality and presentation of the fish. The sake was good but I'm not exactly a connoisseur so I can't say much else about it. I followed up the sashimi with a black dragon roll and avocado salad. The roll was really good - better than I expected. And finally, the salad was light and refreshing with a side of really tasty dressing. Would likely order that again. I found the price point of some items to be ridiculously high (some rolls were $17) and other items priced quite fair. Certainly not a spot for the budget conscious unless you eat very small amounts of food. Service was slow, especially after I was done eating. I waited almost ten minutes before flagging someone down for the bill.
My colleague and I had dinner here tonight as we both received a gift card at a company event. The food and service were both quite average. Not bad, but the only thing I found overly memorable or exceptional was the Caesar salad. My filet mignon was cooked to my liking, but I found the quality of meat was not as good as expected for the price. It wasn't as tender as a typical filet (in my experience) but I did enjoy the Jack Daniels Pepper sauce. My colleague had the 16 oz rib steak, which he ordered medium - it came med rare, which I think was a forgivable error ;) Wine list was decent, but no half-liter option available. We 'settled' for a couple of 9 oz glasses. For dessert, we both had the crme brle, which was again, pretty average. Sugar crust was too thick, but the custard part was ok. I'd go back for the Caesar salad. :)
I went with a very large group for dinner (14 of us) and we were seated at two long tables. Our server went over the menu with us and explained the various platters and what you get with each one. Four of us decided to go with the family combo of five meats and four sides for $90. I think this was a really great value. For the meats, we chose the St. Louis ribs, pulled pork, Texas brisket, smoked salmon and sausages. For our sides, we chose sweet potato fries, waffle fries, mac & cheese and corn bread. I was not a huge fan of the pork or the brisket, but that's likely due to the style they use. The pork was too 'stringy' for my liking and it was kind of mushy, and as for the brisket, I prefer the kind that is sliced vs. pulled. The salmon was very delicate and not what I'm used to, but I did like the maple flavour. Apparently, they don't prepare the salmon in-house, but they do finish it there. A bit confused as to the reason behind that, but I guess they focus on their meats. I liked the sausage and the ribs best - we all agreed that we should've doubled up on ribs for the amount you get. Not enough for each person in our foursome to have two ribs each, so we had to flip for them! I loved the corn bread! It was a bit sweet, but really moist and served warm. Yum!! Actually, I have no complaints about any of the sides - they were all good!! Probably the best sweet potato fries I've ever had. I also really enjoyed the various sauces they bring to the table. Great variety and such a nice change from just one sauce that most BBQ places offer. Despite not really loving every component of the meal, I was really happy with the service, which is why I bumped them up to four stars. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating for our group, and happy to split bills for us, which can be a hassle at some spots. I would gladly return here for more meaty goodness in the future!!
I was driving around town last weekend with a friend and all of a sudden I had a craving for bubble tea. I'd heard of this place before but hadn't been yet, so I figured we'd give it a shot. I drove down a side street looking for a parking spot and lucked out about 2 blocks away. I paid $3.00 to park for an hour, which I suppose wasn't too bad for the area. I ordered the 3Guys, which happened to be on special for the month. Score! It was really good, and I regret not getting a second one before leaving. Downside was that the tables were filthy and the place was pretty busy, so I guess they had to focus on making drinks over cleaning up after messy guests.
I've been to this location three times in the past two weeks due to its proximity to my hotel. Two of those times I was served by the bartender in the lounge area and he's been really good. Once I sat upstairs and service was much slower, despite being practically empty. I've enjoyed the fish tacos (although they could use some avocado on them) as well as the Asian chicken bites, garlic cheese bread (skip this, not that good) and I also had a side of veggies that was amazing. I would go back for that alone! It was the chick peas, with spinach and tomatoes. Yum!I also had the California Benedict last week for brunch, and it was decent. Food is good, drinks are great and service is mostly what I expect from a Milestones restaurant. It's more 3.5 stars, but I bumped up instead of down. :)
Huge portions for what you pay. Food is pretty average but definitely hits the spot when you need something quick. I've had a few different options so far but nothing outstanding. It's close to my office so I'll definitely be back.
Some co-workers and I went to Red Lobster this week for the Endless Shrimp event. It was officially my first time at a Red Lobster. Not normally a place I'd choose, but all the hype about the endless shrimp event was enough to get me to try - just once. One of our crew has a shrimp allergy, (I know, we're terrible people for bringing her here - and on her birthday, no less!) but the staff handled things with ease. The manager came by our table to explain how her food would be handled, and that it would come out before everyone else's meal to ensure there was no chance of cross-contamination. Very well-handled, Red Lobster!The menu is quite large, with lots of choices. Of course, it's mostly seafood, but there are plenty of options for anyone in a group who may not be a seafood eater. Two of us had the endless shrimp, which comes with a side salad and your choice of rice, potato or broccoli, and every table gets a basket of the cheddar biscuits - I just love these! I chose the Nashville Hot and the Mediterranean shrimp to start, followed up by the savoury garlic shrimp. I really didn't like the Nashville Hot, because they tasted like they were doused in sugar and I found them to be way too sweet. I had to smother them in hot sauce to make them edible. The Mediterranean shrimp were ok, but tasted a bit under-seasoned. I did enjoy the garlic shrimp, but I had to blot off a lot of the butter with some napkins, as they got to be a bit greasy-tasting after the first few bites. This is going to sound weird, but I really love that you get a good-sized serving of broccoli with your meal. Too many restaurants these days treat veggies like a garnish and you don't usually get many on your plate. I felt less guilty eating all that shrimp, having a big pile of broccoli to go with it. Especially since I didn't eat the side salad (it was basically swimming in dressing, which I forgot to ask to have on the side) so I couldn't eat it. Despite my food tasting fairly mediocre, I give this place three stars because of the service (especially the way they handled my friend's allergy) but they don't get full points because we did say it was her birthday - and not so much as a free drink or dessert was offered. She did enjoy her salmon entre, though, so she left quite happy. I don't think I'd ever choose to return, but I know that if I ever went again with a group, there are plenty of choices on the menu. Plus, the cheddar biscuits are almost worth a return visit.
I've been here a couple of times now and I have to say, I'm always impressed with the food. They do the BEST grilled octopus I've ever had. It's a favourite dish of mine, and if I see it on a menu, I'll usually order it. I don't know what they do to it here that makes it so fantastically tender, but whatever it is they do, it works! Their mushroom pasta (Mafalde ai Funghi) is also the best I've had. So tempting to want to order this every time, but I really want to try more items on their menu. Their pizzas look incredible, so I'll be trying one on my next visit for sure. On my most recent visit, I had the kale salad (Insalata di Cavolo Nero) and was very light tasting. The currants and pine nuts really work in this dish. Just a hint of sweetness amidst the tartness of the lemon vinaigrette. Really good! Had to have some of their red sangria, too. Perfect summer drink. The first time I came here, I wasn't overly impressed with the service, but it's definitely improved since then. Also, their house bread is fantastic. Fresh from their oven, it's definitely worth getting a basket for the table. I don't think they used to charge for the bread, but they do now. In any case, if you like bread, get it! I think this is my new favourite restaurant in Toronto.
This place is located very close to the High Roller, as well as our hotel, so we ended up eating here a couple of times. I highly recommend the crispy duck wings - they were so good that I ordered them both times I went. Other items on the menu that we tried included the fried calamari, the lobster, crab & artichoke dip, the blue crab cakes, the onion ring tower, the moo shu egg rolls and the coconut shrimp. I did not really like the crab cakes, as the flavour of the crab was overpowered by other ingredients that I didn't enjoy. I found the coconut prawns to be too sweet and greasy, but the calamari was quite good - we actually had both types, the regular and the spicy (Kung Pao) version. Both were tasty, but I prefer the original one. Service was good, and they have a huge beer selection. I would definitely return if I go back to Vegas. Their Bloody Mary was almost as good as a Caesar - it was spicy and served with a piece of bacon - yum!
I wandered in here on a Wednesday evening to try the risotto that came highly recommended by a friend. The place was packed with a few people waiting. As I was dining solo, they were able to accommodate me at the bar. The bartenders were really friendly and chatty and I struck up a conversation with the guy sitting beside me at the bar. It's always nice to meet new people who are not constantly engrossed with their phone. I enjoyed the Calamari Sofia followed by the mushroom risotto. Was it ever good! Wow. I also had some really nice wine with my dinner. At the end of the meal, I received a complimentary glass (just a half-glass, really) of strawberry grappa. So delicious! They have an amazing selection of grappa - normally, it has a very strong taste (like pure alcohol) but the strawberry one was really nice.  Love this place and will definitely come back.
This place has a really great burger menu, with tons of options for not only toppings, but choice of protein as well, including lamb, turkey, and even veggie or Portobello mushroom for the vegetarians. A group of us went for lunch mid-week and we all ended up choosing one of the burger specials for lunch, which is your choice of burger and side with a glass of pop for $11.75. My choice was the brisket burger, with a side of fries. The fries were kind of limp and not at all crispy, so I can't recommend them. One of my friends had the sweet potato fries and really enjoyed them. I'd get those or a side salad next time. My burger was not what I expected. It looked and tasted like a regular beef patty. I was expecting something different, perhaps more like a slab of smoked brisket. It tasted really good, so that's what mattered to me. Next time, I'll try the lamb burger with feta cheese. Yum.
For a chain restaurant, this place isn't bad. I've only been to this location, so I'm not sure how it stacks up against other locations in the city. I've had dinner at this spot twice now and I think my first visit was better than the last. I'm a filet mignon kinda gal, and lately, it's really the only steak I order when I go out. My friend ordered the prime rib. We both started with a Caesar salad, which was better than a lot of Caesars I've had in the past. Our entres arrived shortly after, but sadly, both cuts of meat were over-cooked. Our server was very quick to address the problem, whisked away our plates and before too long, two new meals arrived and both were done perfectly. My filet was tender and juicy and my friend's prime rib was mouth watering! We also shared a bottle of wine, which was quite reasonably priced. Always nice to get a fair price for the cheaper wines when you don't want to spend an arm and a leg. I'd probably return if I was in the area, but for my money, nothing beats the Keg for a good steak!
This was my second visit to Ruth's Chris downtown. My friend and I decided to spoil ourselves with a great steak dinner this weekend. We had picked up some gift cards at Costco for 20% off, ($80 for $100 value) but since the restaurant limits you to using only one card per person, the discount is quite minimal at the end of the meal. Still, $20 off is better than a kick in the pants. We ordered a nice bottle of Italian Chianti, which is my friend's favourite type of wine right now. I usually prefer a Cabernet Sauvignon with my steak, but the Chianti was quite nice. For dinner, we started out with a Caesar salad each, followed by the 8 oz. petite filet. For sides, we had the mashed potatoes and the Brussels sprouts and for dessert we had crme brle with a cup of coffee. I do love how the plates come out sizzling hot. It's nice being able to enjoy your food without it getting cold too quickly. My steak was a perfect medium rare, and the texture of the filet was incredible (see photo). Far superior to the steak I had at Barberian's not too long ago. Service here is top notch, as well. Although, the first time I dined here, I felt the waiter was a bit cold. He was an older gentleman and was too serious and stuffy for my taste. Perhaps it's a generational thing. Our server this time was much more friendly and relaxed, while still being very professional. It is an expensive restaurant, but if you're looking for a great steak dinner and have some cash to spare, I highly recommend Ruth's Chris. They also offer a 3-course dinner for $59.95 each, but your options are limited to 3 or 4 choices. Still, a great value if you like the options offered, and I believe they do change from time to time.
Very enjoyable meal at Modo Mio. There was only one server for the small dining room (Sam) but he really did a great job keeping everyone happy. He was very friendly and warm, which really makes such a difference with the whole dining experience. The grilled calamari was really nice, as was their pizza Bianca (we added soprasetta and mushrooms) although I was expecting the pizza to be a lot cheesier than it was. I really love it when the cheese is super melty (is that a word?) so when you take a bite, the cheese turns stringy as you pull it away from your mouth. Not the case with this pizza, which is why I couldn't give this visit 5 stars. The real star of the night was the 4-cheese gnocchi. So flavourful and the texture was spot-on - super light and pillowy. I would definitely return for that dish alone!! We finished our meal with tiramisu, which is made in house - I believe the owner's mother makes it. I was too full to finish mine, but it was very good. Prices are very good for the quality of food. I'll definitely return.
The restaurant was completely empty when I arrived, and remained empty until the end of our meal, when one other party arrived. The restaurant itself was beautifully decorated, but considering how the staff stood around with very little to do, I would expect it to be spotless. Glasses and cutlery were spotted and could use polishing. When I was a server, if the place wasn't busy, I would ensure everything was sparkling clean. Always keep busy improving the place for better customer experience!The food was good, but given location, ambiance and quality, I considered it to be extremely overpriced. I bet if they lowered their prices, the place would be packed every day. I would not return any time soon, at the prices they charge. I'd rather be in a restaurant that was busy with better service. The staff here seemed very stiff and not very happy. We did not feel welcome as customers, despite being the only ones there. It's a shame to see a business struggling, so hopefully they make some improvements soon.
This has become a go-to spot for lunch, due to its proximity to my office and their quick service, not to mention their good food. Portions are quite decent for the counter service items, so I sometimes have two meals out of a single order. I usually order off the menu unless I'm in a hurry, so I've only had the counter service a few times. The Pho is good, although the broth is not as flavourful as other places I've gone to. My favourite dish so far is the lemongrass chicken with rice, but I'm slowly working my way through the menu to try lots of different dishes. I had the chicken in red curry on my last visit and it was really good.
I really love that old school feeling you get when walking into a dimly lit steakhouse like Barberian's. Not sure what it is, but I just love that vibe. Six of us went for dinner here recently and I was really looking forward to trying this place. I'd read some great reviews and had been craving a steak for a while. I knew what I wanted before I even sat down. A couple of people at our table had appetizers, but I passed, anticipating that my entre would fill me up, which it did. The garlic toast they bring for the table was really good. Fresh, warm, and lightly coated in garlic butter. I could've had a few more pieces but wanted to save room for my main course. The pickled veggies were an interesting addition. Not a huge fan, but I tried them anyway. Some folks at the table loved them, so it's a matter of personal preference I guess. On to the mains. I had the 8oz. filet mignon with a baked potato and shared a couple of sides - sauted mushrooms and the golden beets. I have to say, the beets were actually the highlight of the meal for me. The mushrooms were just ok - not very hot. Sadly, although my steak was cooked to medium rare (as ordered) it just didn't taste as good as I'd expected. I always have very high expectations when I go to a high-end steakhouse, especially when I'm paying over $50 for a steak. The meat was too charred on the outside for my liking, which made the outer edges of the steak too well-done. It ended up being tough and chewy all around the outside. The very middle of the steak was a proper medium rare, but it didn't help the rest of it. One of my dining partners had the same complaint and pointed it out to our server, whose response was basically, "If you cut into the middle of the steak, you'll see it's cooked properly." That doesn't change the fact that the rest of the steak is medium well. Extremely disappointed. As at least one other reviewer noted, you will get a much better steak at The Keg for a lot less than what you pay here. I would have to agree. I compared a recent trip to The Keg and found that my meal was much better there and my bill was a lot less. Although I loved the ambiance, I won't be returning to Barberian's anytime soon.
I had Thanksgiving dinner here and I was a little disappointed with the meal. The description sounded wonderful: turkey with mashed potatoes, roasted carrots, brussels sprouts, sage and apple stuffing and cranberry relish ($28). The portion of food was incredibly small for $28. I saw half of one brussels sprout on my plate (after searching for a minute, though) and there was about a tablespoon of gravy on the plate. Flavours were ok but the carrots were still crunchy and the stuffing (served in individual muffin portion) was lukewarm. They had a Sunday roast dinner on as well, served with Yorkshire pudding, which I love, so I asked if I could have one with my dinner. The waiter said he'd see what he could do. It arrived on my friend's plate, and it was cold. Not good. Even worse was when I found out AFTER (when the bill came) that I was charged $2 for it. If I'd known I would be charged for it, I'd have asked for it to be warmed up. For dessert, I had their special sticky toffee pudding with rum raisin ice cream. It was good, but definitely not what I'd call a pudding. It was like a muffin/cake with sauce poured over it. Nowhere near as good as my home cooked turkey dinner, but since this is my first Thanksgiving in Toronto, I certainly wasn't going to make a turkey dinner this year. Maybe next year when I know more people! Service was decent, but I didn't like how the server refused to make any substitutions or modifications. One of the guests at our table is vegan and asked for a pizza with no cheese, but was told they were "too busy" to accommodate her request. I've never heard of a cook who was too busy to leave off an ingredient. Bizarre.
Four stars for fast food? Really? Yes! And let me tell you why. First of all, I rarely eat fast food, but I'm working in a part of town that's more industrial and I am currently without my car. So, that means when it comes to lunch options, my choices are very limited. Because I don't know the area too well yet, I just chose the closest place with food: Wendy's. I love that their menu has so many different choices - both healthy and "not so healthy" depending on your mood. I chose the Power Mediterranean chicken salad on my first visit, and the second visit I had the Apple Pecan chicken salad. Both come with - you guessed it - grilled chicken. The ingredients in both salads exceeded my expectations for fast food salads. I'll admit, I've rarely ever eaten at Wendy's before, so I didn't expect much. However, I'm impressed with what they put in them. The apple pecan salad was my favourite of the two, because it's got lots of blue cheese in it. And to top it off - Vanilla Frosty!! What?! When did they add vanilla to the menu? I only remember the original from when I was a kid. In any case, it was really good. Hands down best healthy fast food lunches I've ever had. I'll be back to try the other salads, too.
Boycott Light Group events! NYE at The Bank Nightclub at Bellagio a total disaster! Waited 1.5 hours to get in, over-sold event, no room to even stand, no Bruno Mars, no champagne, people having panic attacks because it was over crowded! False advertising! Fraud!  Unless you plan to drop min of $5k, avoid Light Group events!
The owner and his crew were very courteous and pleasant. The restaurant was quaint. The prices are good. The food was above average. But if you cant decide from the menu, they have daily specials and daily soups to choose from. I will be going back.
So if you're in the area and love Mexican food, YOU MUST stop here!  This little gen is one of the best kept secrets in the area!  The food is made fresh in front of you, fresh cilantro, lime, onions, and about 6 homemade sauces!  The spice is perfect and the portions of street tacos are amazing!  There is also a really cool Mexican grocery store attached to the shop where you can get all of the ingredients to recreate your fiesta at your casa :-)
I should say that I consider myself a foodie.  I travel quite a bit for work and get to experience all sorts of cuisine.  Well let me say this - my wife and I moved into the neighborhood about 30 days ago.  Today I stopped here on a whim for lunch...  all I can say is wow!  The atmosphere is amazingly clean, sophisticated, and classy!  I was really impressed.  After making a few choices from the menu, our food came out...  1 word... WOW!!  I now live 1 mile from here and will be a frequent flyer!!!  Tacos and sandwiches were our choice during trip 1!  5 stars!!  Nice work Pub Frato!!!
I have been coming to this exact restaurant for 15 years.  The menu is authentic and the staff couldn't be more friendly.  there are daily specials that are to die for!  Salsa made fresh daily, along with a new recipe for rice?  It's so dang good!  It is our favorite restaurant hands down!!!
Wow. What a sad situation. We came here once before and had such great service. Sadly we chose to come back today and decided to sit at the bar. 3 pm on a Saturday and there are a total of 8 people at the bar.   Service is atrocious. The woman behind the bar could not be bothered to serve the clients as she was too busy ignoring us and cleaning glassware. We ordered the guacamole at $9 a pop and had to ask repeatedly for chips. Our beer glasses were empty for 10 minutes and she finally asked if we wanted more beer. By now I only want water and my damn check. Too bad cuz I thought I found a great local place to go. Better keep looking.
Well it is true - you get what you pay for. I came here last week to get some highlights. Spent two hours playing the game of let's try to put the foil on the clients' hair.   Walked out looking no better than when I walked in. Mind you - I have golden blond hair - those highlights should have been there. So- back I went the next day - for ANOTHER- two hours. And yep - the hair is lighter. ALL OVER.  No highlights. No lowlights. Just light.  So I guess it's back to the high end folks - at least I will get what I asked for and perhaps better customer service. You see-the institute does a good job bringing in these students.  Taking their money. Teaching them to (maybe) cut and color hair. But that's about it. No customer service training evident. My chick had the personality of a wash rag. Half the time she sang off key, the other half she was poking me in the eye with her tools or with her hands. It's too bad really since I had never had such bad service there before. But the amount of time I had to spend there was not worth the price tag. I won't even waste time running in to get product. I can order that through the mail and they are always happy to throw in a freebie.
Guests of mine from out of town lost the keys to their Chrysler.  Their out- of-state dealer provided them with the VIN and pin so that a local Chrysler dealer could cut a duplicate key.  We called Keffer and made arrangements for a key to be cut.When we drove to the dealership - a 45 minute out of the way drive after leaving work early - and arrived to the dealership, they had no recollection of our phone call or the arrangement for the key.  They also would not make us a key as it was 5:30 and they closed at 6:00 pm.  They did provide us with the number of a locksmith who would make the key.NICE.  Now why did we bother to drive all the way over there to drive back and call a locksmith?  We could have called a locksmith from the start and saved ourselves the hassle of the journey on Independence during rush hour!!!We found Keffer Chrysler customer service lacking, which is a shame since the out-of-state dealer was so helpful.
Service is awful. When we arrived there were plenty of tables.  By the time we were FINALLY able to leave, many of the tables were filled and EVERYONE was waiting for either food, more drinks or their check.The food was so-so. Certainly not worth a special trip.  The beer menu is minimal and the drafts are overpriced.  We never did get the drinks we ordered.Took us two hours to wait for our food, then wait for our check, then wait for the server to run our cards.There are many other local restaurants with quality food and much better service - I would not recommend Fran's to any of my friends.
Why oh why did I always pass you by???   Of course, now that I have tried your delicious fresh food - I want to stop everytime I am in the neighborhood!!  I even make excuses to BE in the neighborhood.The chicken salad is one of my favorites - full of flavor and not so much mayo.  The hummus & pita are a great filler on those days I don't know what I want for lunch.  And the greek salad is simply the best - definitely ask for those onions on the side though if you are going back to work.It's nice to have such fresh food and so close to uptown.  We often order from the office and pick up for our lunch.  Never had a bad experience or wrong order.Keep up the good work!
I met David Frers of The Living Room through a mutual contact.  We were looking to get some things framed and matted for the place where I work.David was able to provide us with different options and price ranges to accomodate our budget.  We were able to get the job done in a short amount of time with the least amount of hassle and the framed pieces look great!We will definitely use him the next time a project like this comes up and I personally will take my things to him to be matted and framed.
Not sure how this place stays in business. There is always a line and the service is slow slow slow. Guess it only stays open because it is in the shopping center.
Hmmmm. Well we waited forever to get our food. Not sure if it's any good but after an hour wait on a not so busy day, the only activity we saw that was quick was getting our check after we complained about the wait. What a shame. Doubt I will be back. Service was awful.Still can't believe the manager allowed us to walk out of there without trying to make amends.
Like many other reviewers, we had also purchased a Groupon for the Beef and Bottle.  And like many other reviewers, the food was good.HOWEVER, the atmosphere leaves much to be desired.  We had called ahead for reservations at 6:30 on a Friday.  When we arrived and stumbled through the extremely dark interior, we were seated by the serving door.  There were exactly 2 other couples in the entire room so plenty of empty tables.  The location was ATROCIOUS.  The servers going in and out through that door was annoying.  Not to mention, they did not keep their voices down, and their conversation was less than appropriate for the restaurant guests to overhear.  When we asked to be relocated, we were told the tables were all reserved.  For who? invisible guests?The food was tasty, certainly not inexpensive, and the atmosphere and our experience left us wondering what all the buzz was about.  Will think twice before heading back there.
The only reason I go to Longs  is the location and Dr. James. Forget about any other service. They are overpriced, they charge double the price you find online for products like food or insulin needles and the front desk staff are a bunch of untrained dingbats with no customer service skills.   They do have a computer system but it must be outdated since every time I order insulin - they ask me which pet it is for. I thought automation was there to help the staff - not put them at a disadvantage.  Fair warning - when this fur baby passes -  the rest of the fur family is finding a new practice.  If I could give zero stars I would!!!
First time renting a vehicle from Payless. The savings is defiantly not worth the frustration. Long line, not enough agents, agent attempts to scare you into additional unnecessary coverage's. I had to disclose where I was staying at (Hotel name & address) & what my weekend agenda was. Way too much personal information required.I booked through Southwest Air with a double point's promo. Agent confirmed eligibility, to date, I have only received standard points. Have contacted Payless numerous times & have received no help in resolving.I have rented hundreds of times over the past 10 years and never experienced anything like this. Payless is associated with AVIS & BUDGET.
This process was so easy and fast. Exactly as promised and I like the new key fob better than my original! Thanks clonemykey!
When you're trapped at an airport waiting for all your relatives to fly in, and you don't want to negotiate the complicated inter-terminal transit system to get to a Wendy's, you might find yourself in my situation.  You think "Hey! Dick Clark has a restaurant!" and even though that guy is on death's door, maybe just maybe he's somehow involved in the quality control of this place. I mean, it's the only restaurant I know of with his name, so you'd think he'd want his sole namesake to be nice or at least palatable.    If Dick Clark wasn't down on his luck enough already (did you see the New Years countdown two years ago??), this place is worse than the worst diner, but at twice the price. The hostess was confused and we had to wait to be seated in an empty restaurant. The waitress was really, REALLY confused, and didn't really understand our order for cheeseburgers. When she figured it out and brought them, she neglected to bring ketchup even though we asked twice. The food itself was eerily reminiscent of the stuff served in my elementary school's cafeteria, except worse. I looked around, and all the bread/bun products were a strange bleached white color, like the bread you find in backwoods gas station sandwiches. If the food and service wasn't bad enough, there was awkward stuff going on around us. Besides the too-loud creepy replays of American Bandstand, our waitress carded a man with a HEARING AID when he ordered a beer. When the guy got angry, she tactlessly blamed her manager, and pointed to her in case the guy wanted to complain. On the other side of us, a man was waiting to sign his bill, but couldn't because he wasn't given a pen and was told to wait. Further down the way, a woman was confused that her salad didn't come with dressing; she'd had to pay extra to get it. Meanwhile, we still didn't get ketchup.
As of now at 8pm on June 9th I'm pretty pissed off with this flower company. I called at 5pm, no answer, called again at 5:30 to check the status of the delivery of flowers I ordered. The gentlemen who answered said he would check and call me back, when he did call me back, I was told he couldn't get in contact with his delivery driver to check the status of my order. I was told that they didn't stop delivering flowers until they were done... who delivers flowers at 8pm?? I paid for delivery today, and paid for flowers, and balloons to be delivered and they weren't. Pretty horrible service if you ask me. When you call yo talk to someone they don't have a voicemail set up. I'll be interested to see how they redeem themselves over this mistake. Thank you for ruining my birthday present for my cousin.So it's 10:45 am on the 10th of June, and the flowers finally got delivered after talking with the whom I can only assume is the owner of the company the night before, in which she told me her company had attempted delivery... best part is we have cameras, and there was no such delivery attempt made. I'll give them some credit, they delivered the flowers, not the ones I ordered... and a complimentary bag of chocolates... also didn't order them... but they did give me my money back..  buyers be ware use another company.
What a great Experience My coworkers and I have had while here on a business trip! We used the delivery and pick up service, and both times they were more than helpful, even after a slight mis communication with the bell desk at our hotel.I highly recommend this company, and cant thank them enough for making our trip a little less stressful, and most definitely more affordable.thank you guys! we will be using you in the future!
This hotel was a great stop on our way through North Carolina. The staff is incredibly nice and the hotel is clean and smells fresh.They have an awesome "lending locker" I. The front lobby where you use board games, blenders etc.Definitely will stay here again!
I am no novice in the world of event planning, project management and marketing - actually its my job. I wasn't going to be able to set up decorations for a party I was planning in Vegas and the hotel sent me to this company. Problem #1. The lady who contacted me was nice but didn't listen to any instructions I gave her. I asked her to spend between 20-40$ and she spent 50$. I give her massive credit for adhering to the sketch I sent her about how I'd like it to look - oh wait the hotel concierge did that part... Problem #2, Rather that going to Party City they went to some off-brand party store that clearly charges more. Problem #3, she told me verbally on the phone it was 50$ for purchasing plus whatever merchandise she buys - which was apparently a lie according to her boss. Problem #4 her boss: Robert Cotillo. This man is the biggest JackA** I've ever met, and I'm from California. I call him merely to verify the purchases made and the amount I was charged and he gets defensive immediately. He leaves me a rude voicemail and says "you will not be receiving a discount". I do not want a discount, I want to pay for what I was told I'd be charged. I call him back and this man could not be more rude. Claiming he has "documentation" of everything spent along with my consent...too bad everything was via a phone conversation you idiot. The decorations were lovely and a hit...but totally not worth it to deal with the employee's/owner. I have never had such a horrible experience with a customer service based company. NEVER EVER USE THIS PLACE! I will be calling all the hotels that suggest this company and letting them know of the utter disappointment and lack of respect this company stands for. To add to my complete dissatisfaction, while on the phone with him, quite heated I say I've never dealt with such a dick before, and he says "ma'am you're quite a jack ass too" I'm glad we've reverted to calling each other names. Rule #1 Great customer service: NO MATTER HOW ANGRY THE CLIENT/CUSTOMER IS: NEVER STOOP TO THEIR LEVEL AND CALL THEM NAMES! This man is the trashiest, rudest, most disrespectful person I may have ever met. NEVER EVER USE THIS COMPANY! I WARN YOU KNOW, YOU WILL ONLY BE DISSAPOINTED!
My mom was visiting and the strap on her sandal needed to be glued back in. We drove over and he said he would fix it right then and there. $5 in and out in 5 minutes! He was so friendly and accommodating!
KF = Kid Friendly (at a decent hour)I've been here with / without kids over a dozen times. I am never hungry or disappointed at the end of our meal. Sometimes we have to wait, but again, with kids it's not worth waiting unless there is something to look forward to. My kids are adventurous, so slimy and raw is perfectly acceptable. However, there are a lot of KF basics such as tempura, calamari, beef and chicken and if that is not acceptable, you can just head up Spring Mountain and hit McDonald's. Our personal faves:- beef tataki (I get 2 orders because I don't like to share this ;)- calamari - nice and crispy, but if they get rid of the garnishing they can add a few more rings- pork belly bowl - my 6 year-old won't share this- beef tongue - yep I said beef tongue. So tender and tasty that tongue is.- bacon wrapped mochi - who knew?- mackerel sashimi- red snapper carpaccio- sakana pinchos - inside out roll- yellowtail tartar- honey toast - if you have room, but we usually get Boba downstairs at Tea Station ;)And as always parents, don't forget to drink a lot of sake!
I love this place. The wait sucks, but it is usually worth it. I've been here and the first location several times with my kids. They will even wait knowing that they will get to eat the best red velvet and bananas foster pancakes ever. We also love the cinnabun and carrot pancakes. No matter what, ask for their cream cheese sauce. Amazing. As for entrees, my personal favorites are the adobo fried rice (being Filipino) and Kalua pig eggs Benedict. I also ventured to try out the Mexican skillet. Wow. Yeah, leave your diet at home and don't ask for nutritional facts. You are here for the food coma.They are really five stars, but I deducted one for the long wait. FYI: it is usually a 30-45 minute wait on Saturday / Sunday after 9am so bring your coffee, iPad, knitting project or newspaper to help pass the time. You will be pancake hoarding in no time. They have a few TVs in there for watching football games ;)
I was reading the recommendations here and choose the NUDO for my todays dinner. It's central in chinatown and close to the Montreal Traveller Lodge. The ambient looks typical chinese, big room and just put some chairs and tables in. The TVs showing Karaoke. I ordered S-03 it's the chicken soup. After a short time of waiting, I got the soup and was surprised about the smell and the look. First I tried the soup and felt like in heaven, super delicious, not salty and a rich taste .. like a soup should be. The 2nd try where the noodle. the noddles where "al dente" and smooth together. A dream to hv to noodles and the soup together in the bowl. As starter I ordered the spring rolls, but finally I was too full to finish them.So guys if you come here even you re really hungry, just order the ramen first and maybe later the starter. Really a place to come back and enjoy again
The food is amazing and the wings are huge....  2 people wings ,nachos and onion rings and  drinks were 40 bucks with tip.... see you guys next week
The order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time. I will not order from this place again.
$75 ... I spent $75 for a family of 5 to bowl two games. TWO GAMES! Old equipment: balls look like coconuts hacked with machetes in 1963. When my burger came with sweet hot dog relish instead of sliced pickles, I knew this place was tired of trying. Avoid.
Probably the worst hotel in Vegas, definitely the worst near the strip.  Wallet stolen from room, security is a joke, staff did nothing.  Full of overweight large families that clog small hallways.  Food is mediocre and pool is to full of screaming children to properly enjoy.  Don't stay here.
Really liked this place! Came here when I was on vacation for lunch. Ordered the cashew chicken. Very flavorful and filling. Service was really good. The people there are great! Will have to go again when I visit.
Like the BarMasa in New York, this place is expensive. I was hoping to have a similarly incredible experience, but unfortunately the Vegas version was not nearly as good.The cocktails like the martini with shiso leaf and cucumber and the Wasabitini with freshly grated wasabi weren't as creative as the cocktails in New York. It doesn't help that martinis are a typically boring cocktail.The popular Peking duck with foie gras tacos nailed the Peking duck flavor, but the foie was lost. It was okay, but really disappointing given my expectations and when compared to the other outstanding restaurants in Aria like Sage and Bardot.
After have a "taste" at Sage, we continued our journey to Julian Serrano for part two of our tasting tour of Aria. We had to stand around and wait for a hostess at Julian Serrano that never came. In a resort casino with plenty of other high-end restaurants willing to take our money, we left and wandered upstairs to try Jean George (located on the second floor above the casino next to Sirio and Michael Mina) which promptly assisted us.Obviously, we skipped appetizers and went straight into the main course which was a $90 steak special - the Wagyu-like Australian tomahawk chop (think bone-in rib eye with the dark fatty outer cap trimmed). It was an embarrassing piece of meat. The steak lacked everything you'd expect in a cut of beef. It missed flavor, fattiness, and tenderness.Then there were the steak sauces. I'm a purist who believes a steak sauce needed for bad, flavorless steaks. A really good steak is perfection on its own. Even though the tomahawk was heavily seasoned and charred to create flavor, five different steak sauces were served. This isn't McDonald's or Chik-Fil-A where customers have a choice of dipping sauces for the chicken nuggets. The chef should make a decision and pick one sauce that fits the flavor profile of their cuisine. Instead, it was a colorful Benetton nation of sauces with an airy French hollandaise, a bright and refreshing Mexican salsa verde, an overly sweet BBQ sauce, a super-hot southwestern scotchbonnet, and a mellow Asian tamarind. Aside from the BBQ sauce, they were all expertly executed, but none were good matches with the steak.The sides were thankfully small and a decent-sized for one person. We tried two sides. The Brussels sprouts with pear and bacon had a forceful zing. By itself, the sprouts were dry and not very exciting, but the acidity helped contract the fattiness of beef. The mushrooms with goat cheese polenta were a disaster. This was the second greasy and overcooked polenta I had that night. The mushrooms were sadly dried-out and tough.The Mollydooker South Australian Shiraz by the glass was a very nice wine and well suited for the evening.For dessert, we had a glass of Moscati di Asti that was a fine match with the cinnamon crme brulee with cocoa nibs and figs on the bottom. The use of cinnamon in a brulee is a very smart decision. I can't believe other chefs haven't done this. It seems like a completely obvious combination, but I guess when something is that obvious, it's easy not to think of it.
There is an $8.95 entry fee for adults, but a free coupon can be found on their website. Beware of the easily-confused cashier who was like the guy from "Memento" that can't remember what just happened.Although some sites say the museum is on the fifth floor of the parking structure, the entrance is not. To get to the collection, you must be in the Imperial Palace hotel - not the parking garage.The collection during my visit was mostly Rolls Royces. It felt like Cadillac was the second most common name. Big cars by Auburn, Duesenberg, or Packard weren't there on my visit. There are 100+ cars so allow 30-minutes or more to see all of the vehicles.The showrooms were run-down (like everything else at the Imperial Palace) with air conditioning that rattled or didn't work.
Although nothing there reminded me of Brigitte Bardot, the dcor was French like many Vegas brasseries. Unlike those other brasseries, the food was better here. We only came for the daily happy hour from 5-7P, but were very impressed by this recently opened Michael Mina restaurant.The escargot en crout was so good, we ordered another plate of the tasty bites. The mild and soft snail was deliciously encased in a puff pastry shell rather than just topped with dough. The hazelnut "salt" and Chartreuse butter condiments and chives and mushroom garnishes were nice complements, but most were hard to eat WITH the escargot because they didn't attach to the pastry crust. To make it easier to eat, maybe a hazelnut and mushroom cream would be fun to dip into and adhere to the pastry.They were out of skate wings, so we tried the salmon tartare instead. It was a smart combination of both fresh and smoked salmon that avoided the unpleasant tackiness when only fresh is used. I also liked the subtle use of capers and the thickly spreadable consistency of the chive mascarpone. Another smart choice was the sliced brioche which was friendlier to bite than a shattering crostini toast.The "HNYB Sour" was a solid Cognac-based cocktail with a head of egg white and a float of Beaujolais.Poorly positioned in the low foot traffic area of Aria's Promenade Level, it's located on the level above the casino next to the Zarkana theater.
Traditional New York high-dining in a fabulous Vegas space and a few flashy circus tricks along the way. I had a wonderful dinner when Marc Poidevin was the chef. I had another wonderful dinner with Wilfred Bergerhausen heading the kitchen. Regardless of who is in the kitchen, sticking with the signature Le Cirque dishes ensures a memorable evening.The specialty cocktails were all martinis in outrageously tall glasses. Like most martinis, they weren't particularly unique like the "Deja vu" with Hendrick's gin, muddled cucumbers, and St. Germain which felt like dj vu because I've had this combination before at other bars. Despite the common cocktails, the show began with the amuse of smoked salmon on a smoldering bed of dry ice.For appetizers, the lightly seared whole foie gras was big and rare. The lightest Thai flavors were creatively used to counter the fatty foie. The frog lollipops starter had cute leg bones used as the lollipop sticks. Acid from the mild barnaise wisely balanced the fry coating on the frog meat ball. For added decadence, sauted fiddleheads, whole morels, and white asparagus were added.For entrees, the "Rabbit Symphony" was a duo of tender roulade and braised meat. The fried spaetzle added textural crunch and a buttery sauce tied everything together. The potato crusted fish was an upscale presentation of fish, chips, and slaw. The potato crust was thinner than expected which only made the dish more elegant along with increasing the scale of difficulty because it must be challenging to both cook the potato and fish at the same rate. It was also daring to use a red wine sauce with the moist bass.The signature "Chocolate Ball" dessert was another showy dish as the hot chocolate sauce made the chocolate ball shell vanish. It was more showmanship than tasty as it would have been better with a darker chocolate sauce. Ultimately, it was too much like a chocolate sundae. The raspberry souffl had incredible height and a perfectly browned top. Again, the faultless execution topped the taste.The wine pairings were on the mark except when both entrees were served with a Bethel Heights, Willamette Valley, Pinot Noir which smelled wonderful, but laid a little flat with the food.Although jackets are recommended, it's Vegas and they'll seat any true high roller in just about any attire.
With a name like Springs Preserve and the emphasis on gardens on their website, I was under the impression this was a botanical garden. The garden was not suited for adult horticulturalists, but better geared towards small children with concrete paths and fortified borders that prevent trampling. It is rare for me NOT to take a photo in a botanical garden, but there were no images worth capturing.The site contains the Nevada State Museum, Origen Museum, Springs Amphitheater, Desert Living Center, Botanical Garden, and Boomtown 1905. This mlange of museums was an annoying mystery of confusion.Confusing Layout: The entrances to exhibits are not clearly marked. I was unsure which buildings had exhibits even with a map. Inside the Origen Museum (spelled Ori-Gen on the building showing they don't know how to spell names of their own museums), three of the four galleries funnel visitors out the back of the building instead of returning to the central lobby to start another gallery. I still don't know what the Desert Living Center (sounds like a retirement home) is after being there. The place has the flow of the Winchester Mansion which was frustrating and annoying for someone that doesn't like to waste time getting lost on his vacation.Confusing Purpose: Not sure what has been "preserved" at Springs Preserve. The heavily constructed compound of buildings destroyed more than it preserved. With the campus of outdoor plazas, amphitheaters, and meeting rooms, a key purpose seems to be the preservation of having a conference.Confusing Prices: Be prepared to pay more than the general admission fee. The butterfly exhibit cost extra. The Boomtown 1905 Train (which was a short rail-less tram ride) cost extra. Some demonstrations cost extra. Crafting classes cost extra. While planning this trip months ago, I had read about a combo ticket that gained entry to both Springs Preserve and the Nevada State Museum, but it appears that policy is gone. Because I thought the old policy was still in effect, I saw that the visitor brochure treated the Nevada State Museum like a footnote, and there were surcharges on many exhibits, we skipped the Nevada State Museum. So, we erroneously missed a major piece of this hodge-podge of museums because, to be repetitive, this place is confusing.Finally, this is not a good tourist attraction for out-of-staters like me. The pricing structure and event schedule is geared towards visitors that can easily return like locals.
During my first (and perhaps only) visit to Scottsdale, I wasn't going to mess around with a simple tour only to leave wanting more. I jumped straight to the biggest 3-hour behind-the-scenes tour. Considering how many times we ran into other tour groups, it didn't seem like we were seeing much more than the other tours. At least the longer tour took us to the best location - the archivist's (Bruce Brooks Pfeiffer) house. Done in a completely different style from the angular rock and concrete bases of Taliesin, the house was based on circles. A modest-sized creation, the residence had elegant form and simplistic creativity - just what I want to see.This was unlike the rest of Taliesin. The first role of a building is shelter from the surrounding environment. When a shelter doesn't protect its contents, it is a failure. I don't care if the shelter is pretty or adheres to a concept when it doesn't fulfill its immediate function. After being rebuilt multiple times, Taliesin still has trouble reaching this objective. Thankfully, Frank Lloyd Wright didn't design airplanes, boats, or bridges because the planes wouldn't fly, the boats would be prone to sinking, and the bridges would likely collapse.Along with failing to serve its primary purpose, the buildings had terrible blue triangles, head-bumping low ceilings (and not just at the entrances), uncomfortable chairs, and tables with little room for legs. I can see why FLW didn't stay here year around. I had trouble staying in any room longer than 10 minutes. I'm not the only person with issues as FLW's wife was critical of his design. It's better to see the building from outside anyhow to enjoy the long and lean roof lines that are smoothly integrated with the gardens and fountains.Because FLW spent significant time here, our tour guide had stories which gave insight into his stubborn behavior which fits with his Spartan living, sleeping, and working areas. A visit to Taliesin isn't as much about seeing great architecture, but investigating the mind set of a great architect. I can't deny that Taliesin is a nurturing training ground for architects to help expand their passion for lifelong creativity, but this is NOT one of FLW's better works.
A true patisserie is generally focused on the obvious pastry, but they offer much more than just wonderful sugary delights. The setup is confusing because there are two lines to buy the many foods.Order the following at the straight display case on the right:+ Bakery (5 out of 5 stars): DO NOT SKIP THE PASTRIES. Easily tempted to order the many cakes and tarts, don't miss the heart-shaped palmier which had fantastic qualities like crisp, flaky, buttery, sweet, and sticky. The palmier was perfection and is sometimes sold as small cookies in pre-packaged containers. The Nutella beignet was an exquisitely flavored doughnut sandwich dusted with sugar. The apple brioche beautifully contrasted the firm bready exterior with the almost creamy interior. The sticky bun was topped with wonderful nuts, but needed more cinnamon. The chocolate croissant was good, but could have been sweeter.+ Take-Out (3 out of 4 stars): Pre-made foods like quiche, fruit and salad bowls, and sandwiches. The roast beef sandwich was juicy and contrasted by the acidic tomatoes and red onions. The ham and cheese sandwich nicely combined the mini baguette and Dijon mustard.+ Coffee: Sorry, but I don't drink coffee.Order the following at the round display case on the left:+ Chocolate (4 out of 5 stars): I've tried six different bon bons. All were smooth, delectable, and focused on the feature flavor. They were small so buy twice as many than normal.+ Omelet and Crepe Station (2 out of 5 stars): With both sweet and savory crepes, I'd avoid the savory crepe because they use an odd buckwheat batter. With ham, too many sauted mushrooms, and not enough Swiss cheese, the "Forest Crepe" was weird due to a spicy aioli. As if the crepe batter didn't already have enough egg, a fried egg was on top. Maybe my hangover made me imagine this bizarre crepe.Yelp reviews misstate that the largest chocolate fountain is here when it is at the Bellagio (see www.yelp.com/biz/bellagio-conservatory-and-botanical-gardens-las-vegas). Also, roughly a third of the photos posted here are the Bellagio location.
I think every major city should have a place like this. It's completely better than going to a bowling alley.Because all of the machines can be played, this is more of an arcade rather than a museum. The lack of an entry fee also supports this idea. As the name suggests, there are 100+ pinball machines from the recent to decades old. They are all playable for a few bits. To a lesser extent, there are old video games like Ms. Pac Man and Asteroids.If you're hoping to find an Angry Birds game, perhaps this isn't the place for you.
Sites say to show up at 10:15A, but that's not necessary. We could have arrived at 10:35A when the tour actually started, or even later because the one-hour tour starts in the museum/auto collection and they don't reject late walk-ins.VERY IMPORTANT: Stay away if you don't like or get nauseous from the smell of oil, synthetics, paint, and adhesives. All rooms of the tour are poorly ventilated.The auto collection has about ten cars that can be called "collectible" cars. The rest of the cars are new vehicles which are on display like it's a dealer showroom. I don't consider these new cars as something "museum" worthy. There are interactive kiosks in the "museum". The kiosks do not to tell the history of Shelby or learn more about autos, but are there to create and order a Shelby car.The industrial tour covers two rooms - one for making Cobras and one for assembling Mustangs. The tour guide barely spoke of the assembly process. On a Tuesday morning, there was very little activity. What activity I did see, the workers didn't appear to assemble the vehicles in any particular order which is a little worrisome. When I was in Kansas City and watched hand-assembled Harley motorcycles, the process was systematic with a supply line of parts to install.It was annoying that the tour guide kept trying to sell a Shelby-made car. In every room, the tour guide talked about things that would be of primary interest to a buyer, but not necessarily a tourist. The cosmetic differences between the large block and small block Cobras. The legal logistics of getting a Cobra because they're not Federally approved for safety. The add-on packages for the Mustang that increase horsepower with a disclaimer that the add-on would void the powertrain warranty.This place is 10% auto collection, 20% industrial tour, and 70% showroom/sales pitch. Thankfully, it was 100% free, but it should be because I've never been charged to enter a car dealership showroom.
What a nice greeting to a casino - a three story bar with a spiral staircase that looks like a chandelier from the inside and out. It's a great bar at a casino entrance, but not a great bar in the broader scheme. After the initial wow factor, its appeal quickly faded with tacky stores cramping the view from the upper floors.I was the dim bulb inside this chandelier because I was confused by the different levels. Each level serves different cocktails. I asked a hostess what the differences were and I didn't get a solid explanation except the second floor didn't allow smoking. As a non-smoker, that was the one for me. But as a wall-less room in a casino, the second floor was still tinged with cig smoke.Second level cocktails contained an impressive, yet insane number of ingredients. For example, according to the menu, the "Bruce Tea" had "Kai coconut pandan vodka, St. George Thai basil Eau de Vie, matcha tea powder, peanut butter, lemongrass infused coconut cream, birdseye chili, ginger puree, and kaffir lime leaves". It tasted like a salad in a glass. That might work for alcoholic vegans (that might be an oxymoron), but not me. The "Sanguine Eyes" was like a Thanksgiving cranberry sauce, but with too much walnut from the Nocello. Sure, both drinks are fun and unusual, but went too far.Cosmopolitan claims to have "just the right amount of wrong", but it was more wrong than right as the Chandelier was the only place that was "right" enough to try. We checked-out the other bars in the hotel, but they weren't alluring. Another "wrong" feature, the property has a relatively small and narrow casino floor.
When Bachi Burger opened in my hometown of Los Angeles, it received average Yelp reviews and closed before I could try it. I now see why. The carelessly prepared food fits at this suburban movie theater location, but not in a food-centric district like Little Osaka in West LA.The pork belly steamed buns were nicely constructed with a savoy cabbage and carrot slaw, slice of hard-boiled egg, and hoisin sauce, but the meat was sloppily inconsistent. Of the three buns served, one had pork that was all meat and no fat, another had all fat and no meat, and another had the right balance (much like the three bears). A 33% success rate might work in baseball's batting box, but not when dining.I liked the fries in the chili cheese fries, but that was about it. There was too much of the heavily spiced oxtail chili in ratio with the fries and the scant amount of cheese. The chili also showed signs of age. The meat had broken down to almost a paste, the mixture lost its ability to emulsify which caused the excessive amount of oil to separate out, and there was a sour taste like it hadn't been cooled properly from the night before. The fried egg on top didn't fit the dish.I guess I should have tried a burger and plain fries instead of the fancier sounding appetizers because I incorrectly expected food of greater quality.
The record-holding largest chocolate fountain was a let down. I guess the exaggerated scale of Las Vegas made me expect something on the scale of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory - not something that seemed more like a cascading Champagne pyramid.The Aria store doesn't have a fountain, but is the better location because they sell more stuff. The Bellagio venue has a patisserie and ice cream, but doesn't have those delicious chocolates (unless you buy them in a pre-selected and pre-packaged box). It also felt cramped, sloppy, and unorganized. Keep in mind, Aria is only a monorail ride way.
With the fountains out front, of course there is a water show at the Bellagio. It's not as good as another aquabatics show, "Le Reve", at the Wynn, but still technically impressive. It's hard to dislike the extensive theatrical setup with a large water-filled stage and elaborate overhead riggings. As expected, the circus acrobatics correctly make you think, "How can they do that with their bodies?"Clowning Around:) My girlfriend wanted to see a Cirque du Soleil show while in Vegas. As a person with a mathematical background, I told her, "I bought tickets to 'zero' today."Typical of Cirque du Soleil shows, it's meant to evoke a circus. The popcorn concession is odd when paying $200 a ticket, but it's part of the circus. The pre-show antics of the clowns were a nice touch - and they do touch as a clown patted my backside. During the show, I wasn't a fan of the frantic circus distractions of side activities. The music wasn't circus-like, but grew tiresome - particularly the vocalists. Predictably, the story telling was threadbare and like watching an old TV clip show with a scant fiber to tie the disparate highlights together.Clowning Around:) Is "O" the theatrical version of Oprah the magazine?Try to sit in the front half of the orchestra level. The performers appear too small when sitting further back. Very little of the action is high above the stage so there's no advantage sitting higher up in the cheap seats. Sitting close to the stage has no water splashing.Clowning Around:) The scientist side of me wanted to call the show "H2O". Okay, not so funny, but the clowns in "O" weren't always funny.The awful Richard MacDonald sculptures available for sale in the lobby didn't remind me of "O", but of a plastination Bodyworlds exhibit. Turning the lobby into MacDonald's version of a Thomas Kinkade Gallery is tacky, but it's Vegas.Clowning Around:) The sequel to "O" is going to be called "P". Trump's alleged watersport-loving Russian friends are going to love "P".The show was fairly short at 95 minutes. There is no intermission. Loads of late seating was allowed during the performance.
When stuck trying to find something more than tacky Vegas kitsch, Red Rock Canyon NCA is an outstanding choice except for the parking. On an 8-day road trip that included six other Department of the Interior sites (like National Parks in Utah), Red Rock easily had the longest entry line and the worst parking.The drive through Red Rock Canyon is on a one-way loop with periodic tiny parking areas at key attractions. Because the lots at the best stops were overfilled, hundreds of cars were illegally parked on the road and in the vegetation. The park newsletter states to "only park in designated lots", but I didn't see any tickets on the vehicles to enforce this rule.Because the loop is one-way, once you start it, you must finish the entire 30-minute drive. Furthermore, if there is no parking, then returning means going around the entire loop again. Basically, if parking is full, then you're screwed.My ranked list of activities along the loop road:- Calico Tanks Trail (4 out of 5 stars): Stop #4 on the loop. Also called Calico Springs, the 2.4-mile roundtrip hike starts at the defunct Sandstone Quarry and finishes 400 feet higher at the Calico Tank. Surprisingly, the "tank" located at the end of the trail contained water. This hike was the best activity at the NCA due to the water, varied colors, vegetation, and view of Vegas.- Calico II (4/5): Stop #3 on the loop. The heaviest concentration of red rocks in the park are found here. A 1.4-mile roundtrip trail leads to Guardian Angel, but it's not on an official trail. The formal trails skirt along the edge of the red rock.- Calico I (4/5): Stop #2 on the loop. More easy trails like at Calico II that don't go very deep into the red rocks, but alongside them. The formations are interesting because they are red, but are relatively small in scale.- 13-Mile Scenic Drive (3/5): The best part of the drive is at the beginning along the Calicos (stops #2 through #4). The rest is boring. For those who have journeyed around the southwestern states like me, the entire drive isn't unique, but likely highly enjoyable for those who haven't.- Red Rock Canyon NCA Visitors Center (3/5): Stop #1 on the loop. Slightly larger than most visitor centers with displays including local desert critters.What the heck is a National Conservation Area? "Conservation" is implied. Parklands are not created to tarnish and destroy. "Area" is also assumed because visiting a "non-area" seems impossible. On second thought, the gross Fremont Experience could be considered a "non-area".A $7 entry fee was charged on the National Parks free day. Maybe the free day was only for National Park Service managed locations while sites operated by the Bureau of Land Management like Red Rock Canyon were not? Does the average person know the difference between the NPS and the BLM?
I'm not a buffet person, but it came with the stay. I like that the foods were spread out so diners had plenty of space to see and serve their food.The quality of the food varied. The positives included the crab legs, swordfish, and veal shank (although I was very careful to pick the best looking pieces from the chafing dishes). The negatives were the dry prime rib (yes, very sad for the old Vegas buffet tradition), the drier salmon en croute, the soggy fried chicken, and the soggier Italian corn cake. Too bad there wasn't some way to just have my favorites and nothing else.The drinks were really good. The blueberry comso and the white sangria were high-end concoctions, but little light on the pour. The waiter was nice to let us know which beverages were included and not. Obviously, these alcoholic drinks aren't covered in the pre-paid base fee. The waited also clears the plates, but doesn't replace silverware.They've done a nice job with the dessert buffet. It's a far cry from squares of Jello like at cafeteria buffets. The selection is large and most of it is above average. It was also nice that the desserts were cut into small portions so more could be tried.Although expensive for Vegas standards ($32 on Monday dinner when I was there and $32 for brunch), it's not compared to brunch buffets at Ritz-Carlton Hotels which are double in price. Sure, the Ritz-Carlton's are better, but not twice as good. Everything is relative.
Two dozen artworks are on display throughout City Center with most works at Aria. All pieces are free and accessible to the general public.Despite not being a fan of Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen, it seems appropriate for Vegas. An oversized typewriter eraser fits right in with the overdone everything about Las Vegas.I am a fan of the James Turrell installation at the Shops at Crystals. Although visible from the shopping area, go to the monorail station platform to fully experience the work. At first glance, it might appear to be a room lit in purple light, but look at the blue edges which are not at right angles and not painted a different color.I also like the Henry Moore sculpture behind Aria's registration desk and before entering the Shops at Crystals. Although it looks like a starship in dry dock from "Star Trek", it's the use of travertine marble that gives it more character than a typical bronze.Even though the "Glacia" ice sculpture created by big freezer coils at Shops at Crystals was popular with shoppers, its eco-unfriendliness bothered me too much to enjoy along with hearing my parents' voices running through my head to shut the refrigerator door.Some of the photos and Elite reviews posted in this listing are not part of the City Center collection, but items for sale at the Chihuly art gallery at City Center (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-gallery-las-vegas).A list of works and map showing locations can be downloaded from http://www2.citycenter.com/luxury_las_vegas_condos/files/CityCenterFineArtsBrochure.pdf and a newer version at http://www2.citycenter.com/luxury_las_vegas_condos/files/79678%20Fine%20Art%20Collection%20Map%20Brochure%20w%20Paths%20v04.pdf. As seen in the brochure, the art is spread-out. It's cool to have expensive art pop-up while wandering around, but it's a lot of work to find them all and the main reason for the average rating.
This is another good place for a nightcap at the Wynn/Encore resort. Of course, they serve the same drinks as all the other Wynn/Encore lounges. Parasol Up is louder and smokier, so we opted for Parasol Down which is a small indoor area surrounded by curved escalators and a larger outdoor area with a direct view of the Lake of Dreams with the show of quirky vignettes. Although they have heaters, it's too cold to sit outside in winter. The show can be seen from all Parasol bars and is also viewable from other places like SW Steakhouse and Lakeside restaurants.
Supposedly, this is an art collection that includes works by masters like Picasso. The works used to have a gallery, but is "allegedly" hung throughout the resort. Sure, there is art hanging on the walls, but it is mostly woven art. I searched main floor of Wynn and Encore including the long halls around the conference rooms on 11/21/11 and failed to find anything from the Wynn Collection.
If there's one point I want to make, it's about Yelpers recommendation that this place is "Good for Kids". This is NOT FOR CHILDREN due to the Bourbon Street atmosphere of strippers and public intoxication.Quite a different "experience" from the last time I was on Fremont Street when I thought I'd get mugged. This time my good senses were mugged. Probably the only cool thing here is the zip line that runs the length of the street. Aside from that, this is a mess of street performers from professional to panhandlers. They claim to have the biggest screen, but who cares when it has the undetailed pixilation of a Lite-Brite. It's a disgusting demonstration of gaudy grossness that is even unworthy of Las Vegas.
The menu was indulgent with many Petrossian classics like the martini with caviar cube. I ordered a "grain" vodka flight of Grey Goose VX, Absolut Elyx, and Stoli Elit. What I received was Grey Goose VX from wheat with a bit of cognac, grape-based Ciroc, and potato-based Chopin. Grapes and potatoes are grains? That food pyramid sure has changed. Regardless of the change-up, the sampling was enjoyable with the VX as my favorite of the three.For a snack, the potato crisps (like big Terra chips) with caviar aioli were a fun selection.The ambiance has issues. There is too much bustle from the lobby to make for a relaxing nosh (like $35 afternoon tea from 1-4P) or to enjoy the piano at night until 1A. Although this is a non-smoking bar, it still smelled like smoke due to the casino air.
I'm not sure what's more impressive - the cooking in the dining room or the drinks at the bar. Regardless, Sage is both my favorite restaurant and favorite bar in Las Vegas. This was the case when I first visited in 2011 and is still the case in 2015.With the food, my basic suggestion (or sage advice) is to order the dishes with the most unique combinations. Using ingredients that might seem odd together, chef Shawn McClain somehow makes them harmoniously come together.For appetizers, the fork-soft grilled octopus with chorizo, spinach, and pickled red onions was a marvelous combination of ingredients. I liked it better when the octopus was heavily charred and daringly served on smoky mashed potatoes, but it was still a wonderfully executed dish. The foie gras custard was so sweet, it was on the verge of being a dessert, but the creamy richness was undeniably good.For entres, the scallop and braised oxtail was a gutsy surf and turf combination due to the pairing of gentle scallops with strong oxtail. Additional strong ingredients were used like wild mushrooms, rapini, and butter-laden salted caramel reduction, yet the scallop didn't get lost. Quite amazing. The nicely crusted pork loin dish was fun due to the small singlets of spaetzle and well matched asparagus, but was held back due to the bland poached artichoke and mismatched herbal pork sausage.If the foie appetizer was like dessert, then it only makes sense to actually make a foie dessert. The foie mousse was coated in chocolate like a candy bar and topped with melding ingredients like candied popcorn, Bourbon caramel, and peanut butter ice cream.The drinks are impressive in many different ways. They have an international selection of absinthe, infuse their own cocktail ingredients, make their own bitters, stock hard-to-find whiskeys, and offer liquor flights. One Bourbon flight had six different ages of Pappy Van Winkle. Granted, it came at a high price at $500 for half-ounce pours.The style of the constantly changing cocktail menu is bold. The cocktails here can be strong, herbal, gritty, bitter, rounded, or classic, but never soft, watery, sugary, or fruity. They are cocktails for real connoisseurs.The only problems I had with this place were music selection and the uncomfortable chairs with cramping arm rests.
Plan ahead to see the old signage. The neon boneyard is only viewable through tours. Buy tours in advance because they sell-out before the tour date.$18 might seem like a lot for a 1-hour daytime tour, but it's worth it to see the iconic graphic design. A couple bucks can be saved by getting a combo ticket with the Mob Museum, located 0.7 miles away. There is also a more expensive night tour where some signs are lit.Although the signs seem scattered around the junkyard like an "American Pickers" nightmare, they are deliberately positioned and easy to see. It still causes concern. If an automobile museum displayed their unrestored cars this way, we'd be horrified as it would look like the set of "Sanford & Son".The signs are outdoors in the blazing sun. Keep this in mind when visiting. It also makes me wonder why the signs aren't better protected from exposure - even something as simple as an open air hangar.
A true mixology bar where the cocktail menu is full of bold flavors to counteract the already bold base liquors like Genever, Mezcal, and Pisco. They even have a numerical scale indicating the wackiness of the ingredients. Of course, we ordered the craziest stuff they had to offer.At a 3.5 on their 5 point scale, the "Duke Silver" with Scotch, bitters, and apricot wasn't that outrageous and was similar to a dark Manhattan. The "Dill-iverence" with aquavit, dill, Spanish vermouth, and pickled garlic garnish tasted like pickle juice. Combining Scandinavian influences to evoke a backwoods "Deliverance" was playful and completely deserved the 4.5 wacky rating. But down south, they'd say you're crazy to pay $11 for pickle juice. Both drinks were heavy which didn't inspire us to have a second round.The atmosphere was dark and tacky like a strip club. With music supplied by a DJ, there wasn't much of a vibe.
This is one of four Hash House locations throughout the Las Vegas area. This one is not located in a casino so parking is much easier.They serve big portions so don't come here unless you plan on eating - a lot. Otherwise, it's a terrible waste of food. I hope they are part of a food composting program.The Boston Hash special, which had potatoes and peppers topped with a big Maryland blue crab cake and a spicy remoulade sauce, was a different combination. The crab flavor came through, but was a bit mushy. The scrambled eggs were good and not rubbery. It also came with a very good biscuit. The corned beef hash was simpler than the Boston hash with long strings of beef mixed with cheese on top of potatoes. It also came with the same scrambled eggs and big biscuit.This is not an old school diner, but an updated version. For example, I had a very nice tangerine juice. Divey diners don't serve fresh juice - let alone tangerines. But let's be clear, it's still diner food. I think customers are overly fascinated with the portion size and ignoring the quality of the food. Take the Boston Hash I had. It had a soft crab cake, soft potatoes, soft peppers, soft eggs, and a soft biscuit. If a texturally-challenged dish like this was served at a Michelin-starred restaurant, it would get ripped apart by unhappy customers as being mushy baby food.I was tempted to order their 1-pound burger. But hey, it's ONE POUND! That's ridiculous. And this is coming from a guy who, the night before, weighed 148.4 pounds before going to dinner, ate and drank at four places, and then weighed 152.4 pounds after dinner.  (The rooms at the Encore hotel have digital scales.)  One pound is not a problem for someone who can consume four pounds in one night.
Because my home state of California stupidly banned the sustainable foie gras, I had to find a restaurant during my vacation in Arizona that had foie. The law is stupid because banning the barely produced and consumed foie is another step in the wrong direction of letting the morality of a select few control our food when we should be more concerned with human safety along with livestock safety - like chickens fed with grains that are laced with antibiotics, caffeine, prozac, etc. which, in turn, negatively impacts human biology.Obviously, we ordered every foie gras dish on the menu and turned the start of the meal into a foie gras tasting.The seared foie gras was a lovingly big and luscious piece of fatty liver with a clever and yummy white powder of foie. The rest of the dish was an abundant amount of various forms of sweet with funnel cake, apple and pear preserve, Port and Saguaro syrup sauce, and banana cream. Take away the foie and it sounds like a dessert. The heavy use of sweet was recurring in chef Joshua Johnson's cooking.The duck duo was a dance between sweet and spice with the lightly bruleed foie gras torchon (sweet), the duck rillette (spicy), the raspberry and chile jam (sweet), the canele of chili and golden raisins (sweet). The four parts of the dish were individually good, but the overkill of ingredients caused problems where the rillette clashed with the jam. Again, sweetness was aggressively used.The quail and rabbit dish was highlighted by the wonderful piquillo pepper sauce and tomatillo crema. The dark smoked quail breast was better than the salty rabbit. I'm not sure what made the cornbread "60 Day", but it was moist and not sweet to provide a good foundation for the plate.The most traditional dish of the night was the elk loin wrapped in Iberico lomo. By adding truffle risotto, wild mushrooms, Comte cheese, and truffle sauce, the focus was on earthiness. I liked the dish because it was the least sweet plate of the evening. But when there was a lack of sweet, the kitchen replaced it with too much salt just like the quail and rabbit dish. It was a shame because the meat and risotto were otherwise perfectly executed.The pecan coated lamb was dry and oddly placed on a thick layer of olive tapenade and a hard puff pastry. The seeds and aromatic spices from a refined and elegant mole sauce adventurously tried to tie the dish together and succeeded with the nutty lamb, but not with the olives.For dessert, the fry bread puffs were like round churros coated in vanilla sugar. Piped with lemon cream and served with a side of bright lemon and blackberry sorbet, it was a solid dessert. It was also a big dessert where the 8 doughnut-like holes were too much for two people.The kitchen is trying to attain a very high bar with complex dishes. Unfortunately, fancy food doesn't win points with me, but flavorful food does. So when the flavors on savory dishes slant towards being either too sweet or too salty, I lose interest. I appreciate the work and use of unique ingredients which contributed to the 4-stars, but the dishes were too fussy.Although there are three courses on the menu, "The Birth", "The Beginnings", and "The Journey", ordering a dish from each section is too much food. "The Birth" and "The Beginnings" were appetizer-like dishes and "The Journey" was entres.With $20 appetizers, $48 entrees, and $15 desserts, this is not for the budget conscious. The many amenities like the bottled water, three types of bread, a smooth amuse of mushroom mousse, sorbet palate cleanser, chocolate truffles, pulling up the car before leaving the restaurant, free valet parking, and stocking the car with chocolate squares and water helped to justify the $371 total tab for two.
More custom models on display than most mall Lego Stores plus a skilled modeling of Phoenix landmark, Tovrea Castle. On the downside, the store was not very well stocked which included many empty Pick-A-Brick bins.The store is located on the second floor near Barnes & Noble (there are still book stores?) which oddly also sells a few Lego sets.
Located on the first floor between Dillard's and Saks, this is a basic Lego store. The Pick-A-Brick had slightly fewer bins than the average store. It didn't help that the parts available were the smaller, less expensive bricks. There was also a light selection of display models.
Located just past the Wynn Buffet, we dropped in after "Le Reve" to have a drink and a snack at the bar. Offered in two, four, and six ounce pours, the drink was a Shafer syrah which is a unique wine to pour by the glass. The snack was cheese with grilled toast points. The truffle tremor goat and buttermilk blue cheeses were both nice selections. The toast points were burnt. I really have to question a kitchen that doesn't know how to make toast. The snack could have included charcuterie if something other than Creminelli cured meats from Utah (I'm not a fan) was offered.
We were doing classic Vegas in Steve Wynn-style. After the Wynn Buffet and Wynn Theater show (Le Reve), it only seemed appropriate to end the evening with some campy piano lounge music. Flanking the Encore casino, we finished our evening at the Eastside Lounge with the dueling pianos. On this Monday night, there were plenty of seats. We walked past on Tuesday and there were also plenty of seats.People have a very weird sense of what makes for good piano bar music. Don't pick your favorite song, but request something that can be transcribed to piano. Otherwise, you're torturing the musician and torturing other guests. So, part of the evening was entertaining, while another part was painful. But if it's a little painful, that's fine because it's a Vegas lounge act.There was a two drink minimum. Read the bill because as the Van Winkle bourbon which was $22 in the menu, but $25.50 on the bill.
Although the 80-minute, intermission-less show did get a bit long after the first hour, it had enough to maintain interest with a mixture of dance, acrobatics, high-dives, and gymnastics. It also helped that the performers have very fit bodies. The theater's infrastructure was super impressive and did much to keep my interest. To pump that much water, drop numerous moving riggings from the ceiling (which looks like something from the Death Star in Star Wars), lower the stage with enough water above for the performers to high dive into the water, supply oxygen to submerged swimmers, and move actors from the above the ceiling and have them enter underwater beneath the stage.The seating is in a round which probably means good seats all a-round. Since the cheapest seats are the "splash zone" in the first three rows and the most expensive are the "VIP seats" in the back row, it's probably a good guess that the best seats are in the back rows. Since there aren't that many rows of seats, the back-row is still close to the stage. I sat in Section A, row H and it was an ideal location. The seats are comfortably wide, but there was no extra legroom.It was funny to watch the guests in the first row when it "rained" on stage. They weren't so much getting wet, but the wind generated from the displacement of air for water was strong. It's like when standing next to a waterfall. You don't necessarily get wet, but it is gusty. But that's also an impressive amount of water to spray inside a building.Food and drink can be bought at their concession and brought to the seats. There is so much activity in the show, eating and drinking is just an extra distraction. And heck, it's so easy to eat and drink both before and after the show, you'd need an extra stomach to consume that much.
Perhaps I waited too long to come here because the food seemed too classical and not daring. Granted, chef Julian Serrano's award-winning restaurant is nearly 20-years-old and I did try to visit in 2001, but was told the restaurant was closed for a private event. Not that the food was bad or dated, but it took time for me to adjust to the traditional French refinement instead of bold creativity. When sitting down to eat at Picasso, think "attention to detail" to get into the right mindset and ask after every bite, "Can I taste the essence of each ingredient?"The cooking is not about big flavors, but subtle clarity and detailed execution. I imagine that the kitchen is filled with immersion circulators to cook the food to the exact degree. Vegetables like innocent little carrots that were precisely between crunchy and soft or beets just tender enough to cut through, but not more.The flavor profiles were not about unique or clever ingredient mash-ups, but traditional combinations like foie gras with apple or veal with potato. Even when straying from French into German cuisine, the deer loin was served with a tangy red cabbage slaw.This is not fatty French cooking where butter and cream are the main ingredients. Fats coat the palate which block the ability to taste the spirit of each ingredient. The asparagus and morels came with a cream sauce, but it was very thin instead of heavy which allowed the vegetables and mushrooms to shine. The spring pea soup was more like a pea broth than a thick veloute - again to let the pea flavor become the center of attention. Even the dressing on the warm quail salad was fantastically light instead of heavy with oil.Instead of dislocating a shoulder while hoisting the enormous wine book, I opted for one of the two convenient wine pairings (the cheaper $63 version) for the three savory courses. The pairing was a journey around the world with great explanations by the sommelier. The conservative pairings were consistently light compared to the food. The approach is the wine should be subordinate to the food. Boldness was neither for the food nor the wine.Although the waiter was flippantly confident that our 7:00P reservation would allow plenty of time for a 9:30P curtain of "O", he was wrong. We arrived at the show on time, but had to rush through the petit fours and hustle through the casino.The dining room was decorated with not just one Picasso painting, but many works using different mediums. Probably not a seat in the house that didn't have at least two Picassos in view. The one wall without artwork was the glass doors with a view of the dancing Bellagio fountains.The attire is dressy with jacket preferred, but good luck enforcing that in Las Vegas. It's too bad. There are only a few times when playing "dress up" is encouraged - prom, red carpet events, and Vegas. Seize the opportunity instead of being too (casually) cool for school.The restaurant is located downstairs from where the shopping area and the casino connect. Jean-Georges Vongerichten's Prime Steakhouse is next door. The simplest menu selection was four-courses for $118 with three to six different selections per course.On my next visit to Vegas, I hope to slip into the bar for barrel-aged cocktails while gazing, not into my girlfriend's eyes, but at the large Picasso painting. Hey, she'd do the same thing.
One of my favorite places in Vegas, it's always open, always free, and always different with a new display.This is only a conservatory if conserving means using something to its fullest and then tossing it away with something new every three months. It's this decadence that helps make the Conservatory too much fun and a decorator's floral wet dream. My girlfriend couldn't stop smiling around this blissful bounty. It's located near the similarly flower-laden front registration desk with the hard-to-ignore Chihuly glass flowers growing out of the ceiling.
Given that this is not a 5-star review, maybe I should plead the Fifth to avoid getting whacked.With three stories of exhibit space, this place was much larger than expected. Our visit took an hour. Granted we went through it fast, but that was partially due to the familiarity of the material - probably caused by watching too much History Channel.The stories are well presented and not kitschy. The content was not strictly organized crime, but also about law enforcement and Las Vegas history. It's still slanted towards the mob. Despite the space allocated to Estes Kefauver, the investigations weren't effective in slowing mobsters. The bio wall showed that most mob heads lived long lives and even retired. That exhibit was followed by the glamorization in the movies. It's like they are saying that crime does pay. Even the most dissuading area, the bloody assassination section, could be avoided by going through an escape door for those adverse to gore.In an oddity for Las Vegas which is known not just for free drinks while gambling, but also free parking, the Mob Museum lot and neighboring parking structures charge $5.
At $22 or $17 for a burger and fries, I was expecting a great burger, not merely a good burger.The "Hubert Keller" buffalo burger came with a tasty red wine reduction sauce, but the burger already soaked through the rustic ciabatta bun and made it impossible to add without completely disintegrating the bun. The burger also came with grilled onions and cooked spinach which were flavorful, but there were too much of them. Because of the toppings, the Keller burger had nice flavors that are atypical of a burger. It reminded me of a French dip sandwich more than a burger which isn't necessarily bad.The Keller burger was better than the "Blackjack" burger. The Blackjack burger was too small to fit the ciabatta bun. The key flavor of the burger was the olive tapenade and also had jack cheese. Lettuce, red onion, and sliced tomato are on the side which I added to the burger, but should I really need to assemble my own meal? A pickle is also on the side, but it's a spear, not sliced. Good luck putting that on your burger. It's questionable if the pickle was house made or bought from a purveyor.The kitchen had trouble with their cooking temps. The medium-ordered buffalo burger was medium-rare. The rare angus burger was unevenly cooked with one-half medium-rare and some parts medium. Whatever beef blend they are using, it didn't bring out the flavor of the meat.Although called "skinny" fries on the menu, they are classic-cut bistro fries, not shoestring skinny. The fries had a thick crust which reduced the inner potato fluffiness, but they were less greasy than most.I was a bit shocked that a Hubert Keller restaurant would staff and dress their waitresses like a Hooters. The waitresses clearly don't eat the burgers here.During a slow time of year in Vegas, the restaurant was busy and required a 10 minute wait to get a table. Even though this is a burger bar, many customers had salads for lunch. The online sample menu is woefully small compared to the real menu with an endless number of choices including the ability to add truffles to any burger. Because these casino resorts are a Byzantine maze, the restaurant can be found in the Mandalay Bay Place shopping area.
When my voluptuous girlfriend said we were getting pasties in Las Vegas, I titillatingly thought, "Ohhhh, I hope they are the ones with tassels." As we drove into the seedy and run-down Village Square shopping area, going past the Lotus of Siam, the hunt for pasties was on. Then oops, we walk into the dark and junky interior of a bar. The pasties were really English bar food and similar to a Wellington or a meat hand pie."The Oogie" pasty had potatoes, onions, rutabagas, and unevenly distributed beef. My favorite filling was the rutabaga which added a different dimension. As a pot pie prostitute, I loved the thick and hearty crust. The super beefy gravy on the side was also very good. Even though I love lamb, the lamb and mint version had a strange taste that I couldn't pinpoint. I couldn't eat it.When I first saw a photo of a Scotch egg, I immediately wanted to try one. Just seeing a runny yellow yolk spilling over the fried sausage began my elusive hunt. I found it here, but they used a hard boiled egg that was cold. The egg was served on a salad with honey mustard dressing on the side. This dish seemed oddly like institutional food, but that might make sense because that would describe most English food.
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and lucky for us, no line! Sweet. The restaurant is split into two parts and I was definitely not expecting the restaurant to be so big in the back. No carts when we were here so we ordered off the dim sum menu.We had a couple of dishes which we shared:- Ha gow ($4)- Siu mai ($4)- Steamed bbq pork buns ($2.50) - I didn't get to try them but we brought them home as leftovers.- Steamed squid ($4) - delicious, tender squid goodness- Steamed chicken and mushroom on rice ($4)- Shrimp rice roll ($4)- Steamed pork meat and crab dumpling soup ($4) - this wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered it but it was very good. One massive dumpling and soup full of flavour.Service was fast and typical dim sum style. You don't come here for the atmosphere so I don't know why people are complaining about that. Good tasty dim sum.
It was a scorching hot day and I had accidentally taken my dad on a long ass roundabout way to walk to Jean Talon Market. Oops. We spotted Mangue & Melon and decided to share a drink.Smoothie options are fruit, vegetables and citrus. Three cup sizes to choose from.- Explosion ($6.00 medium) -mango, peach, strawberry, raspberry, blueberry and apple. That's a lot of different fruit types. We shared a medium and it hit the spot for both of us. A bit pricey for my blood but perfect on a hot summer day.
Htel-Herman has been on my list of resto's to try for the longest time. I finally decided to bite the bullet and make it happen on a Monday night with Mon and her bf. It blends in with its surroundings - kind of discrete and hidden but it's far from it with a steady reputation (#40 on Canada's 2016 100 Best List).The horseshoe shaped bar that takes up most of the restaurant is stunning. Very modern and sleek interior. Cool that they have a turntable near the front. So hipster.The dinner menu reminded me a lot like the one at Cadet. Simplistic front and simple, short descriptions. The food here is all about small plates. Creative, sophisticated brilliance.- Bread ($2.00) - the bread is made on site (which I'm a bit surprised at given Guillaume is across the street from them) but that shows the extra effort they put into the food. Nice crusty exterior, soft airy inside.- Shrimp ($14.00) - horseradish and daylil. Super interesting dish as the flavours and textures were unique and inventive. Shrimp were perfect and the foam/crumble thing was nothing like I've had before.- Chicken ($18.00) - coffee and morel. I would never have expected coffee and chicken to pair well together but lo and behold, it works. Earthy, rustic aromas.- Eel ($14.00) - peas and lemon balm. This was HH's special of the night. Couple asparagus thrown in for good measure. The eel was an interesting texture.- Lamb ($23.00) - white turnip and camelina. Lamb was tender, juicy and paired well with all the fresh vegetables.Great spot to enjoy a couple small plates and drinks. Love the cool vibe, modern space and unique flavours.
First meal in Toronto and obviously, it has to be brunch. Like I said, I've been warming up to brunch lately and Insomnia has definitely made me a fan. The cous and I met up on a holiday Monday and the place was packed.Put your name down and they'll text you when your table is ready to go. The wait wasn't too bad, about 45 minutes, so we ended up getting a few errands done around the area.The inside is actually really relaxed and homey, which I wasn't expecting. They even let you linger for as long as you want which you don't see very often, especially with places that are this popular. But it goes well with the vibe. The seats are soooooo comfy. Makes you want to lounge all day in them.- Heaven on earth ($15.00) - the french toast is absolutely massive! Definitely lives up to its name. So light, fluffy and stuffed to the brim with berries and cream cheese. Awesome!- Manami ($13.00) - those homefries are like crack; addictively good. It was our first time trying eggs benny with curry rice cakes on the bottom. All I can say is DO IT. Such a killer combo. Perfect blimp of heat in them too.- Side kale salad ($6.00) - we felt healthy getting some greens to balance things out. The pine nuts added a nice crunchy element. Simple and refreshing.Great first meal for me and I'd say it was worth the wait. Brunch game is strong over hurr.
We wanted to go outdoor ice skating and this was one of two options downtown (the other being Nathan Phillips Square). Only half of our party had skates so the rest of the group went inside the rental shop to get skates.They're open from 10:00am to 10:00pm but cut off rentals an hour before they close. Bad timing for us because we got there right around 9:00pm meaning we were SOL. Adult skates cost $10.00 for a 2 hour time slot but you can also rent helmets (gross) and lockers. Don't forget to bring along one piece of ID.The rink was busy for a Monday evening but that was likely due to it being a holiday. We didn't skate but the friends that did said the ice was pretty choppy. Still fun if you just want to zoom around.
Ah, Juliette et Chocolat, your brownies are still as delicious as I remember. Been here a bunch of times as it was one of the places I took out of town friends to when they were craving chocolate/dessert.Place was pretty busy when I met up with a friend on a Wednesday evening. Staff is super friendly and tres mignon in their hats. Haha. I had a dinner to go to afterwards so we just split a brownie:- The Banatella ($4.65) - nutella, banana and praline. We didn't taste a lot of banana but it was moist and rich in flavour. I still think my favourite is the Ivory (white chocolate and coconut).Great place to take a date or chill out with a friend or two. Definitely a place for chocolate lovers.
We hadn't had dinner yet so after our skate session, we debated where to go. Four girls deciding = way too much deliberation. I swear 20+ restaurants were thrown out before agreeing on Home of the Brave.The outdoor patio looks pretty nice for the summer time. Gotta love the slogan: join or die. Guess it goes with the American comfort food. The American flag at the booth we sat at was a nice touch. Go upstairs because the main level houses Locals Only. Lucky we got there when we did because we made it just in time for last call. We put in an order right away and the food came out quickly.Dessert's use Sweet Jesus's soft serve. Damn, they're popular.- Ommegang hennepin saison ($8.00) - this saison is a golden ale. It was light, crisp yet full-bodied.- Buffalo cauliflower ($9.00) - everyone seems to think it's a must order but the hot sauce didn't do much for me in terms of tastiness.- Brussels sprouts ($7.00) - these were good. Love brussel sprouts when they're done right.- Ribs ($20.00) - tender, moist, sticky; good late night ribs.- Tater tots ($7.00$ - tater tots brings me back to my youth; these were waaaaaaaay better. Obviously.- Mushroom mac ($11.00) - mac was goooooood. Just the right amount of creaminess.- Cobb salad ($10.00) - I'm not a huge cobb fan to begin with (must be because of the iceberg lettuce) but this was half decent.- Fluffer nutter ($6.50) - this was actually better than my visit to Sweet Jesus's actual spot. Maybe because you could eat it more leisurely/without having to worry about it falling completely apart/melting.HOTB was a solid spot to share a few plates and have a couple drinks. Chill vibe, friendly staff and no fuss American food. Just like the American dream right?
One of the few places that I used to eat dim sum at in Montreal was Kim Fung in Chinatown. I'm not sure if these two are related but I mistakenly thought in my mind that Kam Fung was Kim Fung. Oops. Well, if you find yourself crossing the bridge and heading to the south shore, this might be worth a try.On Boxing day, we decided to brave the crowds and head out for dim sum. Lucky for us, one of my relatives got there early and managed to get the #1 spot. First one seated! All I can say is get there early because the lineup was pure insanity. The seating area is massive, think banquet style, yet it was completely full by 11:00am. When we were trying to exit, it was like leaving a zoo. There were 15 of us so no way good pictures were going to happen. We ate the usual staples (ha gow, siu mai, cha siu bao, ha cheung, woo guk, tripe, bean curd, fried squid, rice with spare ribs, and jouk to name a few). The prices are in the $3.75 - $5.50 range if I recall correctly. Decent dim sum but pretty standard in my books. I wouldn't drive all the way off the island if it was my choice.
One last meal with the cous (and her co-workers) meant we were eating lunch downtown somewhere. That somewhere turned out to be the infamous Momofuku Noodle Bar, which I've actually never been to before. The David Chang empire finally made it's way to Canada so I guess you can only avoid it for so long. If you've never been before, it's inside the Shangri-La hotel. The inside is modern and upscale with several long communal sharing tables. Upstairs houses the rest of the Momofuku empire (Shoto, Daish, Nikai and Milk Bar).I'm not sure why but they don't let your party sit until everyone's there. Seems unnecessary when there were vacant tables...The menu is broken into snacks, buns, noodles and etc. But don't forget about the truffle rice cakes ($45.00) and cavier & fried chicken ($150.00)! WTF.- Pork buns ($10.00) - this is what D. Chang is famous for. Tasty and flavourful but $10.00 for two buns is absolute cray.- Okonomiyaki ($7.00) - as our appetizer, it hit the spot.- Pork ramen ($16.00) - the broth was decent but nothing special. I felt the same way about the noodles; passable but indifferent. Both slices of pork were good; very tender along with a well executed egg. Overall, their ramen bowls need work.- Chicken tan tan ramen ($14.00) - the cous got the chicken tan tan and the broth had a decent kick to it from what I tasted.Branches are never as good as the OG so keep that in mind if you come to Momofuku. Everything we had was decent but it's a tad overrated and overpriced. Personally, I would seek out the more authentic ramen spots.
Did a little shopping downtown and was feeling thirsty afterwards so I went looking for a bubble tea shop in the area. Chachago looked like it would hit the spot so I walked a few short blocks to try them out.Their selection includes milk tea, fresh fruit, fresh milk, salted whip, brewed tea, "feel the taste" and winter picks. You can choose from five ice and sugar levels along with two golden syrup/honey levels. Add-ons cost an extra $0.50.The wifi password is Chachago's phone number. There's only four tables inside so hope you time it right and can snag one.- Passion fruit rocket ($6.20) - drink is on the pricey side as it's over $7.00 after tax and that's not including any add-ons. Yeesh. At least they use real passion fruit; I could taste the seeds and chunks of passion fruit. The drink itself is quite tart but refreshing.I thought it was worth a go; seems like there are so many Taiwanese BBT franchises popping up lately. They're pretty comparable to Chatime and CoCo's. 3.5 stars.
Trying to decide where to go for brunch in Montreal is impossible. Okay, okay, that's a little dramatic, let's go with extremely difficult. The options are endless and I was getting in a tizzy trying to decide which brunch place to try out. After much debate, we settled on Faberg.We came on a Tuesday and arrived just before 11:00am. There was already a lineup inside (Montrealers don't mess around) but by the time we settled into our seats, the line stretched out the door. Crazy. Tip: make sure your whole party is there, otherwise they won't sit you.The vibe is chic but laid back. Love how there were 90's cartoons playing in the background. Talk about nostalgia. Even though the place is close quarters, there still is room to breath.Menu is broken down into sweets (crepes, french toast and waffles), benedicts, sandwiches, omelettes and eggs.- S'mores waffles ($14.00) - holy cow, this was awesome! I thought it would be way too sweet for my liking but everything was well balanced. Gooey marshmallows, nice crunch from the graham crackers and a generous dose of nutella.- Le massif ($16.00) - the sides were completely forgettable. I wouldn't even waste stomach space eating those baked beans, blah. The rest was pretty standard fare and didn't have me jumping out of my seat like the s'more waffle. I liked the small cup of fruit.This place is hip and popular. Personally, I wouldn't be willing to wait with a line running out the door but I can see why people would like it.
A Portuguese chicken staple that I love and frequented often back in the good 'ol days. I haven't been back to Romados since they had a fire but I like the upgrades they've done to their place since then. There's a couple spots to eat in now although it would be nice if they had expanded on that more.We came on a Wednesday after the lunch rush so there wasn't a lineup at all, a beautiful thing. The menu is small but there's actually more options than I thought. Honestly, I've only ever ordered the chicken combos.- 4x 1/2 chicken, fries and salad ($9.85) - the 1/2 chicken combo with comes with a mountain of fries, side salad and rice. They also throw in a white bun. Anyways, what to say about the Portuguese chicken? Delicious. ENSURE you get the spicy sauce because it makes all the difference in the world.- Natas ($13.00 for a dozen) - no trip is legit without an order (or dozen) of natas. It's $1.45/each but gets cheaper the more you buy. So light, flaky and creamy.It's hard to pick a favourite Portuguese place in town these days but I'll end with saying Romados is cheap, filling and satisfyingly good.
I always heard good things about Quincaillerie Dante but never went in. So I decided to remedy that and took a look inside after perusing around JTM. The place is tiny and packed but the staff is super friendly and the place has everything you could want for your kitchen! Le Creuset pots, quality wooden chopping boards, etc. One cool thing that caught my eye were these coloured covers - they come in different sizes and all you do is put it over the pan and it'll seal automatically. Super cool.Anyways, definitely worth a look if you need some kitchen gadgets and/or goods.
I'm a huge fan of BIXI. Toronto's Bixi system might not be as good as Montreal's (obviously) but for what it's worth, Toronto's is getting better. If they can expand into other areas and neighbours, it will be much more accessible and useful, especially for Torontonians.I planned ahead and ordered a Bixi key (got it shipped to my cousin's place). So much more easier to just plug in the key and go instead of having to pull out your credit card and pay at the kiosk's every time. As I'm not from Toronto, I bought an occasional membership ($5) which allows you to just put in your key and then it automatically charges your credit card $5 (for 24 hour use!).The Bixi hotline/customer service is great. If your from out of town, definitely try it out! So much fun and great way to get around the downtown area.
Last lunch meal in Toronto so I let J pick. She went with one that she frequents from time to time, Harvest Kitchen. The inside is bright, cozy and laid back. We didn't have any trouble grabbing a table as it was a Wednesday so we sat by the window to watch all the people scurrying by in the 40km/hr winds. The chalkboard houses all their specials for the day.- Coffee ($2.95) - coffee came out cold. Our server rectified the issue and brought out a new one when she inquired. - Hand cut russet fries ($5.95) - the fries were great.- HK burgers ($12.95) with kale salad ($5.50) - I had a bite of the burger and it was pretty good but I can't believe they charged $5.50 to add a kale salad! Not sure if that was a mistake (menu says $3.95) but I guess you pay a premium for kale.- Daily sproutzzadilla ($12.95) - I went with the soup as my side, which was a mushroom almond puree with crispy onion and olive oil garnish. Wasn't a fan of the flavour combination. Pretty bland and boring. The sproutzzadilla was better with toasted grill marks and tender duck meat. The portion is small though.Decent enough but it's pretty standard cafe fare.
I didn't even realize that our layover back in Montreal meant we would be back in time for Montreal Jazz Fest! Winning.The TD main stage. They had the fountains up and running so kids were sprinting all over the place. So much random stuff was going on; clowns on mini tricycles, acrobats on massive stilts, etc. So your typical Montreal festival.Rio Tinto side stage. We caught the tail end of one of the many free performances. Another side stage sponsored by Heineken. So many sponsors everywhere. A cool jazz quartet was doing their thing. I was happy to walk around and enjoy the crowds, sunshine and jazzy vibe.
Korean and Mexican had me raising my eyebrows but we kept an open mind on the interesting cultural fusion. The place screams cool hipster. They have old bowling signs as decor. Like come on, too cool. We came on a late Tuesday evening so had no trouble grabbing seats in the back. Our waitress was very sweet and checked in on us several times even though we were only here to try out their desserts.The actual menu had oysters, sharing plates, tacos and desserts. Along with the house cocktails, they have beer (it's Korean, they have to have beer) and wine (red, white and sparkling).- Churros poutine ($9.00) - weirdest name for a dessert I've seen. Churros and poutine? Like what? I guess the churros resembles the fries while the caramel sauce mimics the poutine gravy. Luckily, it tasted nothing like latter. The churros were hot and crunchy but pretty typical.- Tres leche ($8.00) - the tres leche was pure heaven. Holy Mexican goodness, this was probably the best tres leche I've had! Incredibly light and moist beyond belief. The top tasted like marscapone tiramisu on crack. GET IT.I can't say anything about the food but the desserts were a great way to cap our night off. Cool, unique spot to bring a date.
Dear, dear Lemac, oh how you did not live up to the expectations I had for you.  Never having been when I lived in the city, I figured it would be worthwhile to give Lemac a try so I went with two friends (who have gone several times before) on a late Thursday evening to try their after 10pm special ($27 for an appetizer and entree and tea/coffee at the end).Place was bustling and busy. We were all hungry so we took a quick look at the menu and ordered a few drinks.  The appetizers were great:- Pankoe crusted goat cheese with apple and walnut salad - had a bite of my friend's dish and it was good, very rich tasting.- Grilled calamari with zucchini - you get lots of calamari. My friend couldn't eat hers which meant more for me to try!- Escargots in a basil butter sauce - the escargot sauce was green and frothy. Very cool. The mains were a different story:- I was not very impressed with my main (duck leg confit with salad and roasted potato fingerlings). The duck was dry, slightly shriveled and same thing with the potatoes. - Sea salt salmon pot au feu - AMAZING. Definitely order this if your going to go.- Toulouse sausage with a salad and side of mustard - the mustard was TANGY. Wow, consider yourself warned.  However, we were more impressed with the knife that they give you with the sausage meal (don't ask - it's a long story).Another issue we had was with our waiter, who was dreadful to put it nicely. He even managed to put down their coffee supplier (Moi Toi Caf) when we were asked about tea/coffee at the end of the night. He was also incredible slow at getting our bill/then getting the machine, etc. I don't usually complain about service but you would expect better service, especially here.With so many good restaurants in the city, especially french, I can't really recommend going after my first time trying it.
Nathan Phillips Square is the other spot downtown to get your outdoor ice skating on. There's always people walking around and taking pictures of the iconic Toronto sign.
We hit up the Football Factory on a chilly Sunday morning to watch what else but some quality EPL footy. Note - go early or else you will be screwed like us and have to sit outside on the patio. Not that that is a bad thing but brrrrrrrrr, it was cold while we watched the game.The atmosphere is great and the people are super friendly/obviously gung-ho about football. If that's your cup of tea, come here to watch games! We ordered some food which took an insane amount of time to get. We ordered when we arrived and our food didn't come until the end of the game - basically, took around an hour and half. Sad thing is we didn't even order anything difficult. This is what we had:- Huevos rancheros ($12) - came with two eggs, bacon, guacamole, and salsa on a tortilla with side of fries.- 2x Avocado and brie sandwich ($8) - name says it all. You get avocado with brie cheese, red onion, arugula and chipotle mayo root vegetable chips and a really tasty salsa. We both got rye bread. Hits the spot and the price was right, just was not happy about waiting so long to get it.- 3x Teas ($2.50) - perfect accompaniment to keep you warm while you freeze your butt off outside.Great place for footy fans and more than decent brunch.
We were strolling around Kensington market when I spotted Tibet Cafe. I've never had Tibetan food but have heard so many good things so we decided to stop for a quick bite and drink. Bonus that the Euro games were on at the same time so we got to catch a bit of the Germany vs. Poland match. Their patio in the back is super cozy - pretty sure we would have sat there if the game wasn't on. Otherwise, you can sit out on the entrance patio and people watch the day away.The menu. Damn, they have crazy hours. 7 days a week, 12:00pm - 12:00am???Never understand when there's all day breakfast and burgers on the menu. Do people seriously order that? Key in on the Tibetan specialties - momo's. For drinks, it was a hot one so we both wanted to try their smoothies.- Mango smoothie ($3.50) - Ju ordered a mango smoothie which was honestly terrible. It was overloaded with ice and I couldn't taste any mangoes. Wasn't impressed.- Avocado and mango smoothie ($5.00) - avocado by itself is $4.00 but our waitress told us it would be an extra $1.00 to make my favourite fruit drink combo. No biggie as long as it was good. Well, the avocado that they used must not have been fresh as it was almost tasteless and lacked any creamy thickness. Pass on their drinks!- Beef momo ($9.50) - my first time trying momo's which are a Tibetan specialty. Homemade, half-moon dumplings are the best and these were fantastic. You have to wait about 15 minutes for your order but trust me, it's worth it. Eight juicy pieces stuffed to the tellies with meat.- Chicken momo ($9.50) - we were only going to get one dish of momo's to share but the beef ones were so tasty that we decided to order a round of chicken momo's to compare. Comes with the same side salad (meh) and Tibetan dipping sauce. Ju was telling me that each sauce is different as each restaurant has their own homemade/secret recipe. I can't decide which momo I liked best but can safely say both were extremely satisfying.Cool Toronto has such a wide, diverse group of cuisines to try. There are quite a few Tibetan places so I would love to try a couple more next time in town. Tibet Cafe was a solid first experience into the land of Tibetan food.
Came here to grab some food to eat for mybus trip to Montreal. We got here 10-15 minutes before they opened on a Wednesday morning and got to watch a girl work here magic, squeeging the windows and making the front door squeaky clean. Anyways, we ordered a couple things but for myself, I bought:- Kimchi fries ($5 I think) - good but heavy on the stomach especially if you eat this all to yourself. Definitely share with a few friends. - Five spice pork banh mi ($6) - so good! The five spice definitely gives this banh mi it's unique taste. A nice fusion spin/take to banh mi's. Cheap place to get your banh mi fix. Wish I had room to try one of their steamed bao's. Next time!
Tyler is an asset to SMP. He's always here early and brings a welcoming atmosphere. A++++
Ebonee is really nice as the reviews say. She started on time. Very professional. I found Ebonee here on Yelp. I was looking for someone to do my hair for my son's wedding. Great job. I will be back.Very easy to find with navigation.
Great fish tacos! Wait was ok. Seems popular. My first visit.
While the aquarium is smaller than other major cities, it is worth it to check out. We did the personalized tour for an extra  $25 and highly recommend. Learned more than I had doing the same type of tours at sea world and Busch Gardens. We also did the sea turtle feeding and we were allowed to watch the shark feeding without extra cost since we were only people on turtle feeding. Total time spent at aquarium doing tour and behind the scenes feeding was about 2 hours. I would do again.
I am only a Fairweather fan, enjoyed her in the 90's and listen in the car if her songs are on the radio. We went because we got tickets half price same day on the vegas app and I was very surprised. Didn't seem to lip sync much, not too much time in between songs, and the set was very classy. Theatre is small, about 4000 capacity so very intimate. Not a bad seat from what I could tell. I would actually go again and I am not a huge fan. Wide range of ages, bacholette parties, college kids, professional adults and retirees enjoying the show all together :) Download the vegas app and keep an eye on the tickets, we paid $45 each for lower tier seating. Normally over $100. Oh, and she was 30 minutes late so be patient. She brought her kids on stage also.
This place was one of the best Portuguese restaurants we've been too , food was amazing , great atmosphere , owner was so sweet and great service..  we booked this place for New Years as we will be back in Montreal!!!!
This place is swanky/trendy so prepare to spend some serious $$. It overlooks the Bellagio fountains which is pretty cool. The service is extremely well-trained and professional. We started off not ordering drinks but felt kind of funny, almost like it was *expected* we order a cocktail. If you're concerned about the cost, just don't go here. We sucked it up and ordered 2 drinks (cocktail was $18, wine was $15). We started with the raw tuna appetizer with caviar, granny smith apples and truffle crema. It was delicious. It comes with 4 pieces and because we split it, they put 2 each on separate plates which was a nice touch. Also, to note, the bread basket is insanely good. They bring a few different types and serve it with citrus olive oil, whipped mascarpone with sea salt and a tapenade. I had the duck and foie gras ravioli. I did enjoy them but they were a little one note. Perhaps they could have been a little heavier handed with the balsamic drizzle for a more complex flavor? I also was pretty full at that point after eating half the bread basket. I did wrap the rest to go and they tasted really great heated the next day. My bf had the $55 steak which he really enjoyed but didn't understand why it was worth $55.We finished the meal with the chocolate parfait since it was the only gluten free dessert option. It was fine. Pretty light and refreshing. Overall we enjoyed our experience once we got over the $$ aspect. It cost $200 for 2 people. Definitely check this place out if you are gluten free since they have many GF options. Just ask your waiter for the GF menu when you're seated. They are very accommodating.
Good ice cream, good shakes, adorable atmosphere! They also have cookies/candy/ice cream sandwiches/cow merchandise/whatever! It's a fun place to cool down on the strip.
Amazing shakes! A wide variety of flavors with a bunch of different mix-ins and they're all delicious. I slurped my Oreo shake down in 5 mins flat. Didn't have a burger or fries but they seemed good to by the looks of it.
I loooove Sprinkles in NYC so I was THRILLED to see one open late in LV just when I had the craving for a cupcake. They have cookies and ice cream too! The line was long when we went at 11pm but worth the wait. Their cupcakes are a little larger than your standard cupcake. Good icing to cake ratio. Everything tasted great. They even had a gluten free red velvet option!
This place does breakfast 24 hours a day which is so absolutely wonderful! There are a ton of options and the menu is clearly marked for items that are gluten free. There are a good amount of GF items to choose from. I got the cheddar bacon grits and they were okay. A bit watery and the cheese is served on the side so when you dump it in, it doesn't really integrate itself 100%. I also got a side of 1 pancake (I love when places give you that option!) and it was delicious and giant. Word to the wise....the tall stack of pancakes is humongous. The short stack also is pretty huge. I would honestly just order 1 pancake off the side menu (it's the size of an entire plate) and add on bacon/sausage/homefries, etc. Otherwise it's really just too much pancake for a single human to consume.
We stopped here on our way out of Montreal and these bagels were good enough to quell the stress of our impending 7 hour drive home. The shop is very small and only accepts cash. Luckily they also accept American because we ran out of Canadian. If you order the bagels plain, they are very cheap. About 80 cents or so. However we ordered ours with cream cheese which drove the price up to about $3.50 a pop which is kind of a lot (which is why we were shocked/embarrassed to run out of Canadian money!) The bagels were not warm unfortunately but lived up to their flavor expectations. They have sort of a sweeter, lighter taste to them than NY bagels. My bf and I scarfed ours down immediately. They are definitely smaller than their American counterparts. Thankfully we had some more cash on us and ran back in to buy 2 more with cream cheese and a half dozen to freeze at home.
We had made reservations at Tavern Square Dominion for dinner only one night  but we enjoyed ourselves so much that we ended up returning the next night as well! The restaurant is very large and good for groups or last minute dinner plans. It had an old timey English, cozy, vintage feel to it which we appreciated on a cold rainy night. The service was fine. The drink menu is what sold us on the place. I'm really not a huge lover of cocktails but they had some really interesting ones on the menu. I ordered a Pimms Cup which is a traditional English drink and I absolutely loved it. In fact, it was probably the best cocktail I have ever had. To start we ordered the bone marrow appetizer. It was gigantic and could have easily fed 4 people (they served 3 huge bones). It was tasty at first but is very rich and kind of got icky after eating so much. I got the mussels in a bacon/cider sauce with fries for dinner and it was great. Mussels were delicious in that sauce and they didn't skimp on the portion at all. My boyfriend got a fish dish which he also enjoyed. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the  nutmeg donuts in sour cream. They were so doughy and yummy and warm. We returned the next evening for drinks and sat at the bar. We snacked on their chocolate brownie which was good and sampled a few more cocktails. Chatting with the bar tender was the highlight of our night. He was funny, interesting, knowledgeable and made great drinks. I would highly recommend this restaurant for its unique atmosphere, comforting food and creative drinks.
This was the last stop on our culinary tour of Montreal. It's a smallish restaurant with a laid back and hip vibe. We chose to sit at the bar so we could watch the chefs cook our food. We were absolutely fascinated with their technique and perfectionism (especially since they were young guys who you wouldn't expect to be chefs at all). The dishes are tapas style. Between my boyfriend and I, we ate 3 dishes and a dessert and felt content (but could have definitely had more). We started with the sweetbreads which were amazing. So delicate and tender. I would highly recommend ordering these. We also got the pork belly which was tender and delicious as well. We finished with the lobster tart which was good but a tad too rich for my taste however still enjoyable. We finished up with the chocolate pate which was chocolatey and light. My only regret is that we didn't try at least one more item. Everything looked fantastic as we watched them cook. A lot of thought, effort and pride went into each complex and tasty dish.
This place is solid for a quick, no-frills bite before/after checking out the Hoover Dam. They're known for their burgers so I got a plain one with blue cheese. They have a lot of different options/toppings but sometimes a burger with nothing on it is so satisfying. This is a good burger. Generous in size and delicious in flavor. For an extra $1 you can upgrade to sweet potato fries which were decent.
There are many burger places in LV but this one stands out. Their burgers are thick and juicy and come with a lot of different toppings and options. If you are gluten free, they have a GF bun or can wrap a patty in lettuce. Beware, the fries may not be GF since they share a fryer with other non-GF items. They also serve popcorn in lieu of a bread basket which I think is an interesting touch. Shakes looked amazing but I was too full to try one. The decor is super cute and fun.
This is by far the easiest 5 I have ever given a restaurant. In fact this place might be the best restaurant I have ever been to. I heard a ton about this restaurant and decided to do some research and plan out my meal ahead of time. I highly recommend this strategy since the menu is overwhelming and you will most likely order way too much food. To start we (my boyfriend and I) ordered the Foie Gras Cromesquis. They were pretty good. The liquefied foie gras inside exploded in our mouths as promised. Next we ordered the Duck Carpaccio which came topped with oil, spices, and a raw egg yolk meant to be mixed in to create a homemade mayo. The duck was paper thin and  good. The next item blew us away. The Bison Tongue in Tarragon Cream Sauce. This item was simply divine. Flavorful, tender, creamy, a hint of spice. The textures and flavors that made up this dish were perfect. I could eat this every day. Luckily my boyfriend acquiesced when I suggested we split an entree. After three appetizers we were already feeling full. We ordered the PDC Melting Pot which I would completely recommend to anyone who wants to try a bunch of different things but don't know what to order. I also highly suggest splitting this meal. Again, we were amazed that food could be made to taste that good. There were 4 different kinds of meat (homemade blood sausage, pork belly, homemade pork sausage, and another cut of pork) all perched atop a bed of fluffy, creamy, cheesy mashed potatoes and caramelized onions with a yummy and light brown gravy drizzled all over the thing. These flavors and textures all together comprised the best thing I will ever put in my mouth. So meaty, so flavorful. The blood sausage was rich and delicious. The pork belly literally melted in your mouth. I thought my boyfriend was going to cry over how good it was. We ordered duck fat fries on the side but sadly hardly touched them. We washed everything down with beer and the best cider I've ever had. We thought our stomachs were at capacity so we ordered the check. After sitting for awhile and enjoying the company of our fellow restaurant goers (coincidentally the tables on either side of us were from NYC and we all struck up lively conversations about food) Martin Picard comes over to our table and asks us how everything was. I guess we were so inspired by his presence that we mustered up the courage to subject our stomachs to more food, sent our check back and ordered a Sugar Pie and coffee. Great decision. The Sugar Pie was sweet but not overly so. It was creamy, the tart crust was buttery and it was served with refreshing vanilla ice cream. One of the best desserts I have ever had. Overall, our experience at this restaurant was fantastic. The jovial atmosphere was fun and welcoming. The waiter was GREAT. Friendly and so funny and helpful. Everyone seemed to be having a fantastic time oohing and ahhing at the dishes being served at the next table over from them. At 11pm when we were walking out, the place was still packed. If you are in Montreal and love food go here. Just go here. The prices are right, the food is other wordly and you will have a ton of fun. I can't say enough about this special restaurant. I truly doubt any other restaurant I eat at will live up to Au Pied de Cochon.
We came with a free meal voucher from Hilton for sitting through one of their awful timeshare pitches. With the voucher you get a free entree or for $10 upgrade to the rodizio which is unlimited roasted meat. If you have this kind of deal, I highly recommend the rodizio. The waiters constantly come around with huge skewers of meat and cut fresh pieces off for you at your table. There's a good selection of sirloin, chicken, pork and even pineapple. It's a great deal if you're hungry and the food is solid (although I wouldn't say it's amazing). You also have unlimited access to the salad bar and the sides including vegetables,rice, mashed potatoes, Brazilian cheese bread, etc. It's definitely pricey without some sort of deal but if you are good at buffets, then it might be worth it.
We had a great long weekend at this B&B. I booked it through a third-party website that messed our reservations up so we got a free upgrade to a luxury suite which was a very nice surprise. The staff was pleasant and friendly. The weather unfortunately was AWFUL when we visited but we didn't mind staying in so much because our suite was so cozy and comfortable. The decorations and furniture are tasteful, artistic and inviting. Not generic or tacky at all. We felt like we were at home in our suite. The breakfast was good and made fresh to order in the morning. Nothing crazy but your standard cereals, toast, eggs, bacon, waffles, OJ, etc. There is also parking behind the hotel for $12 a night which is well worth it and we were thankful for the convenience. So besides the fact the staff is very nice, the hotel is quaint and charming, the rooms are super comfy and well decorated, there's free wifi and there's breakfast/cheap parking, the BEST part of this hotel is it's proximity to the subway station. It is literally a 30 second walk from the door. It made all the neighborhoods, attractions and restaurants in Montreal totally accessible and was comforting at night to know we didn't have to walk far in the dark after an exhausting day. Also, the neighborhood was very quiet and felt pretty safe. It's right by what I'm assuming their financial district is so there are a lot of nice restaurants/stores in the area. I would 100% stay here again and would not hesitate to recommend this to someone over a generic and bland hotel.
This is by far my favorite buffet in LV. We liked it so much, we went two days in a row. The food served here is definitely unique and thoughtfully prepared. It's not your typical buffet food served out of troughs. It's more of a tapas style buffet- you take small individual dishes that are beautifully plated. There is so much to choose from with many healthy options. Also if you have a gluten allergy, the chef will walk around with you pointing out which dishes are gluten free. The sushi rolls were stand outs to me, as were the crab legs, roasted bone marrow and the desserts (gelato, red velvet cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, etc.) This place is good for breakfast or dinner but I would recommend going at an off time since the lines can get kind of long.
Wow! This place has huge serving. We came here for lunch on a Saturday where there's a lot of people but only waited about 20mins. So I ordered the Caramel Overload Iced Coffee I think it was called, which was THE BOMB! If you love iced sweet coffee then you'll love this. Then I ordered the Chicken & Waffle which costs about $18 and I was surprised how huge it was! It's an art on a plate and at the same time, it was really good! The chicken was the bomb but the waffles are just okay. The serving was actually for two people. I got tired didn't even finish half of it so took it to-go then ate it later on. Lol. My boyfriend got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict which I think was featured on the Man Vs Food show. He loved it but it's the first time in his lifetime that he wasn't able to finish his food not because it wasnt good but because its a HUGE serving. He's a big eater & a big guy so just imagine how big it was. LolThe service was really good, staff are very friendly and nice. Place looks pretty cool, neat, casual, nothing fancy. Will definitely come back when we visit Vegas again!
So after going into panic when my normal nail salon was completely booked, I found sparkles nail bar hoping to save the day. My mom and I came in right as they opened and I was highly impressed. Cozy, clean salon and so sweet and welcoming and they took us right away. Not only was Roben and the entire staff accommodating, I left the salon in love with my nails. I will definitely be going back and recommend this salon to be everyone's go to!!
This day care is currently under a new director, ms. Jackie. Not sure how it was ran before, but so for so good. She's wonderful! My son attends the 2 year old class and he absolutely loves it. The teachers keep me up to date with his day, with the app, which I love. And it's always a home like feeling every time I drop him off! Building is clean, and organized, the staff are so welcoming and personable. And the location is close to home. Glad I made this choice!
Came here during a business event. Service is great, Raymond was extremely professional during a relaxation massage. Was exactly the pressure I needed and even gave me some tips for helping with some neck pain. Also had a facial and sorry can't remember her name but was top notch too. I wish I could visit more often!!
Love Melt, I am even a member of the Big Cheese Club, however I sometimes feel like there is not enough cheese on these grilled cheese sandwiches. Also the flavors sometimes disappear and i taste nothing but a big starchy mound of food.  And they have forgotten my sides before, but always make up with a small gift card. In the end some sandwiches are a hit or miss, anyways they still keep me coming back. Always great service though. I have been to all the locations except Lakewood.
So Mooyah is a Texas based chain and I read online that they want to open 5-8 of these places across Cleveland in the next 5 years, but I really hope they don't do this.  I stopped by this new fast-food joint on a laid-back Sunday evening and when I walked in I was greeted 3 times "Welcome to Mooyah!". A bit of an overkill, but thanks for the welcome. The interior was clean with plenty of tables and a get your own soda dispenser. The staff was comprised of 7 teenagers and 2 adult managers. I can only assume it was a training day for them all to be there because there were only a couple customers. I placed my order and was given a plastic card with a number on it for when they call my to-go order up. I started off with a plain single burger on an "Artisan" white bun at $5.69 then added blue cheese .70, bacon .99, and lettuce. That's a total of $7.38 for a single bacon cheeseburger. So the burger, I'd actually call this a meat pancake because it was pressed out so thin and was bigger than the bun. Also, the meat was salty and way over cooked. One side of the burger had a hardened crust from being on the grill so long and the meat was completely dried out, which is weird seeing as how there was a ton of grease on the packaging. Not a lot of blue cheese - only tasted it in the center of the burger,  and for that .99 I got one strip of bacon broken into a couple pieces. The good here was the lettuce - they didn't skimp on it and it was fresh and crisp. The small fries come in at $2.49 but actually seem like a large amount that you could share. However I shared mine with the garbage can as they were over seasoned and over cooked. I'm not talking golden and crispy here, I'm talking brown and dried out. Very disappointing. I ate about 1/4 then threw the rest away. The spicy ranch sauce I used to dip a few fries in was good though. Small oreo milkshake $3.49. It was good with whip cream and a cherry on top, I liked that it was not as sweet as the oreo shake at Burger King. My complaints here are that they immediately make your milkshake so it's done and melting while the rest of your food cooks even though you asked for it to-go. So no lid and several times I had to wipe up dipping milkshake from my hands and from wherever I set down the cup. Also if you want to substitute crushed oreo's instead of the chocolate chips in the mint milkshake that will cost you .70 more. I'm sorry but I just can't support this place, the food was not that good and to me it's overpriced for the quality they serve. Usually I try to give places a second shot, but I have no desire to come back to Mooyah. Just go to Five Guys or Bearden's or pay more and get a "gourmet" burger from Flip Side. *Side note: I noticed a lot of 5 star reviews from people who have no picture, no friends, and haven't reviewed other businesses... Now 7 of these reviews have been hidden by Yelp so far, but it still makes me really weary that something shady is going on. If you sell a good product you won't have to write fake glowing reviews.
Went to Severance Hall for a viewing of Nosferatu and while the black and white silent movie was more funny than scary, the organist did an outstanding job playing the organ. I did not realize how many different high and low sounds it could make! Sounds like a bunch of different instruments in one! Also love that the organist came out in an Indians hat to celebrate our first game in the World Series. Our seats were middle upper balcony ($40 each) and I must admit, we were a bit squished in and were not the most comfortable (honestly this probably had a lot to do with the older gentleman next to me manspreading aka: sitting with his legs wide open and having a total disregard for my personal space, and with the person behind me who kept hitting my seat), but I enjoyed the experience there so 2 hours of a sore butt wasn't that bad of a deal. However, if I had the money I would definitely be one of those ballers on the second floor in the box seating area! They have much nicer chairs and plenty of leg room. Staff was friendly and helpful. Plenty of bathrooms around. Elevators if you can't take the stairs. They have a concession stand if you would like a drink or some popcorn. You can pay for parking or do like we did and snag some street parking by L'Albatros, eat there then just walk 10 minutes to Severance Hall. I have also seen the Cleveland Orchestra perform the score for Indiana Jones at Blossom Music Center and it was awesome. It's a really great atmosphere for families or a date; you can curl up under a blanket on the hill and enjoy a picnic while taking in the wonderful entertainment! (Parking and traffic is a hot mess, but I don't mind).Would definitely recommend checking out the Cleveland Orchestra wherever they are performing!
I don't like handing out 5 stars willy nilly unless I really think a place deserves it. When I did an online search for car washes, three came up in my area. This was the only one with positive reviews. I bought a new car this year and I want to keep her nice and clean especially in the winter with all of the salt on the road, no rust for me please! I took Pearl to Sgt's around 7pm on a weekday. I was a little confused at first if I was going in the right lane, but I figured it out. The young man waiting outside answered my questions and helped me with picking the level of car wash I needed. They take credit cards which is nice since I don't carry much cash on me. I decided to go with the Gold $15 to get the salt under my car taken care of, but they do offer a basic wash at $9. They also have monthly plans starting at $15 where you can take your car in as many times as you like. My car came out so pretty, just like the day I bought her!  I would definitely come here again!
Came with friends on a Saturday afternoon. Found street parking right outside and although the place was full, we were seated right away at the bar. The staff seemed friendly and like they actually enjoyed working there. Now the food...Coffee - Came in paper cups? What??? Does the environment mean nothing to you?! Also seems a bit cheap. Our plates were served without butter and syrup which are kind of essential at a breakfast joint. Candied Jalapeno pancakes -  These were really great once we got some syrup.Buckbuck Wheat pancakes - I did not care for these, but my friend enjoyed them.Cornbread Waffle - Way too dry even after adding egg yokes, hot sauce, and syrup. I just ate the center and left the rest. Root Vegetable Hash - Amazing! Mexican Coke-Glazed Pork Belly - Disappointing. Maybe stick with crispy bacon?Bruleed Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding - Friends took this home, so no idea on taste, but it looked good! S.O.S. - Took this home to try later. Was good after I added pepper jack cheese. Wish it was more of a gravy though for the bread to soak up instead of a thick paste. Overall there are some quality items at Jack Flaps, but there are still some things that are lacking. I guess I just prefer my waffles and pancakes to have that buttery crispy edge and that light fluffy center that does NOT make you choke from being too dense and dry. It's one of those trendy gimmicky places you have to try at least once, but you'll probably enjoy cheaper prices and better food at your local diner.
I read about this Guatemalan restaurant in a Cleveland Scene article and decided to check this place out. It's an unassuming little whole in the wall, but clean and the man and woman who helped me order were pleasant. Shortly after I walked in a group came in and stated they were here because of the article as well. Let's get down to business. *Garnachas $8 - More fried masa tortilla than topping, but good. *Sampler $12 - I enjoyed this a lot. A nice variety of mini bean pupusas, yucca fries, fried sweet plantains, this chicken filled empanada like thing, this fat tamale like thing with red sauce and chicken inside. Only thing that was missing was a dipping sauce, but luckily I had a spicy aioli at home.*Jocon $11.50 - This was another tasty dish. Two flattened chicken breasts covered in a green sauce with a side of rice. I actually dipped the leftover masa tortilla's from the garnachas into the sauce to finish them up. While I was waiting they gave me a free glass of horcata which is like this milky water that tastes exactly like cinnamon gum. It was weird and tasty at the same time.  Freshened up my mouth for sure. All in all, they don't have a huge menu, but I would hit this place up again! The food is simple so don't expect a ton of flavor/spices, but it's tasty and filling, and the people are nice. I really want to try this roasted chicken they have on special so I will be checking out their specials updates on Facebook with anticipation.
I don't really like donuts but I heard this place is great, and I'll try anything once, so I decided to pick up a dozen and bring them into work the other day. I had to wait in line and there were people coming in after me as well, everyone was ordering 2 or 3 dozen donuts! I suppose this proved they are indeed popular and tasty! The lady who helped me with my order was personable, the place seemed clean, and the donuts did look quite nice. Oh and just a note, you have to pay with cash or check as they do not accept credit cards. Back to the donuts. I got a variety and my co-workers all said they tasted really good so that is what I am basing my review on. I did eat one and it was A-Ok, but it tasted like a regular donut to me so I can't really rate it on taste since it's not my thing, but I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who likes donuts! A dozen was only $10.95, so super cheap too!
I have been meaning to check out this sub shop, but was a bit hesitant due to the reviews; people either love this place or hate it. Well, I am so glad I decided to give this place a shot! I drove on into Lakewood and got a parking spot on the street right outside the shop, very convenient. (Also convenient that the Lakewood location is open until 8pm). I strolled on in and was greeted by a personable woman working the front. She was helpful with telling me what the subs were all about and which ones were popular. Since I had just received a coupon in the mail for a buy one get one half off, I decided to take advantage and try two different subs (yeah that's right, both for me!). I opted for the West-Sider and the Payne Ave Panini. The West-Sider is a pressed sandwich with smoked turkey, caramelized bacon, chihuahua cheese, relish, lettuce, and a roasted tomato garlic spread. I enjoyed the firmer crust from the sub being pressed, however, it smelled and tasted like they had used peanut oil with the press. The sub was tasty, I was just thrown off with the lingering peanut smell and taste. The Payne Ave Panini is kind of like a Bnh m as it has Asian pork meatballs, relish, cilantro, carrot threads, adobo spread, and lime. This sub was not pressed so the bread was softer and with the moist meatballs and the other ingredients, you are looking at a soggier interior, but it tasted good so I had no problem with that. The subs run about $9, but with the coupon my total was $13.50. The subs are also pretty big so you could easily share, put yourself in a food coma, or be like me and have leftovers for the next three days. They also sell bags of chips with flavors like crab or dill, sides of pasta salad (I think, I don't remember), and bottles of root-beer. I do love the logo of a pickle climbing a building, and you get a little side of sliced pickles with every sub order, but here is where I don't give them 5 stars. For a place that is named Cleveland Pickle and makes their own pickles, you would expect them to be pretty great, (aka unique and full of flavor), nope. The pickles do have a nice crunch to them, but the flavor is definitely lacking and unremarkable. All in all, I will be back!
Went here after the beer festival and I must say, having a cookie place open late at night is amazing! My friend bought my cookie so I am not sure how much it cost, but I got the peanut butter cup one and it was seriously delicious! It had that warm fresh baked feeling with the outside being oh so slightly crispy and the inside soft melt in your mouth goodness. It's a pretty decent sized cookie so you could theoretically share, but nah. Taking off a star because there is no place to sit and enjoy your cookie even though there is plenty of space for a couple stools. I was told they aren't allowed to have seating since they don't have a public restroom, but I'm skeptical on that.*Update, I am not sure I used the word theoretically right so if not, insert the word technically, but that could be wrong too, so just stop reading my reviews if you're an English professor.
So it's Restaurant Week and that just gives me another excuse to meet up with my foodie friends and grab a bite to eat. A fellow Yelper had never been to Hodge's before so we decided to meet up here since you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $30 during RW. We showed up early so we could sit at the bar and check out their happy hour menu and started out with some $3 beers and $5 specialty cocktails then added a couple $3-$6 small plates:-Duck Confit Flatbread: OMG DELICIOUS! I didn't want to share, but I did. One slice.-Snack Trio: You get one deviled egg which was nothing special, one hankie pankie which is this yummy meat and cheese concoction spread on a crostini, and one devil on horseback which is a bacon wrapped stuffed date which was okay.-Side of Mac & Cheese: My friend got this and really enjoyed how the figs added a nice touch of sweetness to the dish.  Later on after we closed out our bar tab we were seated upstairs for dinner. The upstairs is small intimate space overlooking the restaurant below. They have cool artwork on the walls of dictionary pages with screen prints of animals on them. It was 78 degrees up there per the thermostat though, so wear layers you can take off unless you're like my friend who loves it that toasty. Now for the food:-Cup of Creamy Beer Cheese Soup: Missing the chives, but very good. Perfect balance of beer and cheese that I think would go great over a baked potato or even as a sauce for a pasta dish. -Cornbread: Yum! Buttery and slightly sweet with the perfect texture. You could eat it with or without butter or crumble it into your soup. -Ohio Chicken: This was my friend's dish, but I tasted it as well and we were both disappointed. The portion was huge, but everything was without flavor and they didn't even eat it. I think it would have been better if they had seasoned the chicken and had a gravy with it instead of the broth it came in. -Bay of Fundy Salmon: Looked great, but unfortunately this dish was also disappointing. The fried rice was good, but the salmon was plain and dry. I asked for a side of sauce, but that didn't work either and the dish went uneaten. -Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie: The crust on this was great, nice and crispy. The inside was warm and gooey, but very loaded with chocolate, like a little too much even for me. Cookie went well with the Mitchell's ice cream though and the couple bites I had I enjoyed. Probably would have been better to share unless you're into diabetic comas. Management noticed we didn't enjoy our entrees and listened to our remarks when they asked us about our meal. I really appreciate a business that takes the time to see how their guests are enjoying their experience and does what they can to make that experience as best as it can be. They ended up taking financial responsibility for our dinner which was completely unexpected, but such a customer service friendly move that there is no way I can give this place low stars. All in all, my friend and I both agreed that we would definitely come back to Hodge's since the small plates and appetizers were great, we'll just stay at the bar next time.
First time dining at Toast and I must say  that I enjoyed it. I'd describe it as a smaller intimate space with different levels and sections to sit at, so this combined with a group of five during the Gordon Square Rose Wine Off between Toast and Banter, well, things got pretty crowded. We started with standing at the bar but then moved to a table, luckily though management allowed us to continue with happy hour pricing even though it's usually only offered at the bar. Service was normal, no issues with that. Food is fresh and the menu changes regularly. *Chicken Wings - These have fish oil on them. I tried a bite of my friend's order and I did not like it. Weird and salty tasting to me.  *Buffalo Cauliflower with Blue Cheese Dip $6 - Oh man this was really tasty! And a big enough portion to share. I would definitely get this again!*Trio of Toasts $7- Three grilled up half slices of bread topped with things like beet hummus, coleslaw and short rib, and cheese with jam and nuts. Simple but good. I would say this place is a classy spot with higher pricing (not ridiculous though), but happy hour has some great deals and I will definitely be coming back! I think it's a great place to meet friends or lovers for drinks and shareable plates.
Alright Bruno, you did better than last year's clambake so I am upgrading you to three stars. I did not have my squad with me this year so I had to get take-out. You did go 20 minutes past the time you said the food would be ready, but staff was friendly, updated me regularly, and even offered to buy me a drink (I declined, was fine with my water). You increased prices again to $26. The meal now includes a small Cornish hen which was hard to eat, the sweet potatoes are now mashed, and the sauce for the clam pasta was more watery than creamy. Also, this year the dessert included a large slice of chocolate cake (which was okay, I liked the pumpkin chocolate chip cannoli's from 2015 better). All that being said, it was not bad at all. I still wish you would go back to 2014 when you had that delicious half blackened chicken, grilled sweet corn, and seasoned roasted sweet potato wedges, but I will continue on with my clambake tradition at Bruno's and just keep my fingers crossed for next year. I'm totally fine with a price increase, but only if the quality of the food improves along with it. I enjoyed the fresh bread with herb butter, the clam chowder was tasty, and only one of my clams was chewy so a big improvement from last year. I was worried about getting this to-go, but you did an excellent job of packing it all up and including everything down to the liquid butter for the clams. Still a lot of food for the price when comparing to other clambakes around town.As always, your pasta dishes looked huge and amazing! One of these days I am going to have to try some lasagna or something.
Sweet Baby Jesus! What an excellent experience! Fahrenheit was our chosen place for July Supper Club and it did not disappoint! We had 19 guests and I heard not one negative thing.To start, I had met Chef Rocco at the Chef's Tasting Panel event hosted by Engage Cleveland and he definitely was a huge help in making sure our event turned out great (people get out there and socialize with your local businesses! Connect with your community!). Through his assistant Amber I was able to plan the supper club and have it in the private dining section of the restaurant. We even scored happy hour deals that are usually only available at the bar. So what I am saying is, while I was sent a scary looking contract, I would highly recommend you give management a call because they will definitely work with you and try to meet your needs the best they can. Day of we received awesome service from Jill who took great care of us even though we were a large group and everyone was on separate checks (did not mind at all that automatic 20% gratuity added to our bills). There was one older lady who did not seem the most pleasant even though I tried to joke with her, but eh, maybe she just has a standoffish personality or was overwhelmed by our group. We only saw her at the beginning so it was no big deal. For food everyone ordered different things from happy hour pizza and tacos, to the Cleveland nachos or grilled avocado for a starter, to fancy short ribs or seared tuna for dinner, and chocolate mouse for dessert. Wine and sangria's were also flowing. Our group was even lucky enough to receive a surprise tasting of cheesesteaks and chicken spring rolls! Yum Yum Yum! I personally got the Cleveland nachos $14.75 and it was a HUGE portion and more than plenty to share with the entire group! It's homemade potato chips covered in cheese cause, bacon and scallions. For a main dish I got the Ohio pork shank $30, the pork was tender and you could easily pull it apart. The honey and mascarpone polenta added a sweet touch to balance out the dish. Dessert was the peanut butter tart; basically PB, chocolate, pretzels all fancy. I definitely had leftovers and the dessert took me three days to eat because it was so rich and full of awesome that you were satisfied with only a couple of bites at a time. Oh and my red sangria was good and strong so be prepared! Overall we had a fantastic time talking and eating leisurely. We were able to try a variety of dished and I thought this was perfect as most of our group had never been to Fahrenheit before. I know I will definitely be coming back! This place is great for a drink with co-workers, a fancy date night, or even for groups celebrating good food!
Wandered into Sweet Melissa one evening just looking for a sweet treat to take home... yeah what really happened was me buying enough food for the rest of the week! Nice atmosphere, not a lot of people inside since it was close to closing time, but the staff quickly greeted me with friendly smiles and they were very informative when I asked about their menu. The food really sounded great, and I did get a bunch of stuff to sample, however the main negatives would be that they seem a bit pricey on some items and the manager repeatedly told me about how they serve Gluten Free items even after I told him I don't care about that. I'm not part of the 2% diagnosed by a medical professional to have a problem with Gluten so stop trying to sell me the latest trend. Now on to the food:-Pumpkin Tart: Meh, tasted like pumpkin, but nothing special and too dry for me. -Chocolate Mousse Cup: Awesome treat for your taste buds. Little pricey at $4 though for the small size. -Carrot Cake Cupcake: Eh, good but nothing special. -Butternut Squash Salad: Nice and tasty mix of goat cheese, warm bacon dressing, and veggies. -Lobster Shrimp Risotto Balls: Deliciousness. Loved soaking up the broth with the risotto balls. -Fried Green Tomatoes: Tasty and the apple relish was a nice touch, however it could have used some sauce. Perhaps they forgot?Overall I would definitely check out Sweet Melissa again.
While I've only been inside the nature center once, it was a neat experience. Lots of things to checkout and explore especially if you're a little kid. Make sure you check out the Cleveland Metroparks website for a calendar listing of their fun (and educational) events! Now I have been in the surrounding park half a dozen times and I must say that I really enjoy the area! Visiting in the fall offers some gorgeous views of the trees with their colorful leaves. You could get in a good workout by climbing up and down the front stairs that have been newly renovated. 155 steps! Maybe you'll catch a beaver floating in the water, deer frolicking about, or hear a dozen different bird calls. Or you can do like I did this past Sunday and join a guided hike where we took in the sunrise.The hike was from 6-7am and our guide was Lindsay who was pleasant and knowledgeable. I'm looking forward to their upcoming full moon hike!While this is a lovely area, just remember it's popular and thus can get pretty busy! I know when I left at 8am the other day the parking lot was almost full and the sound of people talking drowned out the peacefulness, but getting lost on a trail should bring back the serenity. Also please keep your dogs on a leash or at least be mindful of them, I had one overly friendly big dog named Leo unexpectedly jump on me (not everyone is a dog person, I know I know bring on the hate mail).
I have been wanting to try this food truck ever since I saw a fellow yelper post about the Korean Poutine. Fast forward to the recent Fairview Park Food Truck Festival where the clouds parted and a beam of sunshine pointed me to Wok N Roll. So I waited my turn in line and encountered some super friendly staff (also I'm pretty sure one of the owners has a food blog called CLEfoodies). Here's what I got:-Korean Poutine $9Fried tater tots with monterey jack cheese, Korean red sauce, the protein of your Choice (I got caramelized pork), kimchi slaw, and black sesame seeds. This was really tasty! I just wish there had been a tad more of the sauce/topping as I had a few uncovered tater tots that were a bit lonely. The sauce/topping is what makes this dish, otherwise you just have plain tater tots (to be fair I am one of those people who likes to dip their fries/tots in fancy condiments so the more the merrier!).-Oknomiyaki Fritters $5Veggie fritters filled with carrots, corn, cabbage and onions, topped with a sweet soy sauce, sriracha mayo and green onions. You get 3 in an order (bigger than a golf ball?) and while I enjoyed the drizzle of sauce and the texture of the fried outside and fluffy inside of the fritter, I thought the breading drowned out the veggies and I visually could only see a few specks of veggies inside the fritter. Don't get me wrong, they're good, but without some more veggies they seemed a little plain. I suppose this makes them more like a hushpuppy?Also it should be noted that they were voted Best Food Truck for 2015 by Cleveland Scene Magazine. I say if you're lucky enough to find this truck then you should definitely check them out. I know I would sample their goods again!
I really love coming here on Tuesdays for half priced sushi! Always great every time!
I was a last minute guest to this event as unfortunately a fellow yelper was not feeling well, but lucky me! I hardly ever go to the Legacy Village area so it was great to see what was happening on this side of town. I was seated at a table with 5 friendly yelpers and all night we had pleasant conversation while getting to know each other. We enjoyed six courses, all of which I thought were pretty good (the steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus was my favorite).Very simply put we had margarita pizza, fancy cucumber slices, beets with whipped feta, shrimp on fried eggplant toasts, pasta, steak, and cheesecake for dessert! At our table we had a person with several food allergies and another who was vegetarian so we got to try a couple items not on the printed Yelp menu. I will say that Brio did an excellent job of accommodating everyone's needs and helped people to feel included with tasty dishes where at other establishments the menu could have been severely limited for a vegetarian allergic to xanthan gum. Staff was great! Friendly and helpful. Dishes were brought out in a timely manner and empty plates were never left on our table for long. Donations were also had for a dog rescue (apologies, the name escapes me) but I thought that this was nice of Yelp to set up. One lucky yelper won a basket that included wine and a $100 Brio gift card! But he wasn't the only winner of the night, we all received FOUR coupons for things like a free appetizer so that is definitely a way to entice us to come back! I was not familiar with Brio at all before this event, but I think I will be making a stop there in the future! Gotta get more of that tropical cosmo mmm
If you're looking for a relaxing, personable environment to get some spa services performed by professionals then I definitely recommend Fusions! I had a day off and some friends from out of town were coming to visit so we decided to have a girl's spa day. To prepare I was checking sites like Groupon for deals and I did find some, but after looking up the places I saw that they had really bad reviews. Usually I am a cheap ass, but the disappointment of a bad mani/pedi is just not worth the low price; besides we were looking to be pampered! Good reviews on Yelp are what led me to Fusions and my phone call to set things up was a pleasant experience. Katie was very friendly and informative over the phone and in person the day of. There was only one nail tech working, but she was able to double up the mani/pedi's for my two friends and I went with a badly needed haircut. Inside this place is decorated nicely, is clean, and has a welcoming atmosphere. The staff are just as great; Sherrie was our nail tech and she did an awesome job pampering my friends and giving them french designs in perfect eye catching summer colors. I am terrible in that I forgot the name of the lady who cut my hair, but she did a really great job fixing the mess from my last haircut elsewhere (never get your hair cut at a teaching salon).All in all I would definitely come back for any service, the only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the prices are a little high for me. The haircut and style plus tip was $45 after the $10 off for being a new customer. The manicure and mini pedicure plus tip were $50 after the $10 off for being a new customer. The prices are not bad by any means for the quality services you get; I just will have to make coming here a special treat until I land me a sugar daddy (kidding! Maybe...).*You'll need to have cash if you want to leave a tip. I think this practice is a little outdated as not a lot of people carry cash anymore and most are switching to electronic ways to pay ie through phone apps, but it is what it is.
I don't often give out 5 stars on a first visit, but dang! This place really impressed me! Here are the details: I met up with a friend for Saturday morning brunch. They have valet but I just parked on a side street and walked over. Inside decor has this romantic industrial vibe to it, and there is a big window where you can watch what is happening inside the glass blowing workshop next door. (Someone told me that M Italian is a sister restaurant with Burntwood Tavern and the glass shop made all of the glass decor for the restaurants). Since we arrived shortly after 11am the place wasn't busy yet and we were seated right away. They have a lovely inside or there is a patio area outside with a bar dividing the two spaces. My only complaint is that it was a hot humid rainy day and they still had the windows/doors open that separate the inside from the outside. This made for a muggy feeling experience. Ordering a frozen peach bellini $9 did help though! It was served in a large glass and was enjoyable.For food we both decided to get the eggs benedict $14. These aren't your average brunch dishes though! You get two garlic toasts topped with a zucchini and potato hash, two poached eggs, sauce, but you get to choose your meat! I went with a fresh crab cake and my friend chose the salmon filet. You also get a side of mixed fruit. Incredibly tasty meal and it will definitely fill you up! Oh and let's not forget the amazing round loaf of bread they give you as soon as you sit down! Deliciously thick soft warm bread with olive oil to dip it in. Our server was pleasant and did her job very well, I think her name was Makenzie? At least that is what the receipt says. My friend and I had a very enjoyable brunch here and I would definitely go back!Actually, since it's a solid 45 minute drive from where I live I decided to grab dinner to-go (don't judge me, I was already there and decided to take advantage). I went with a caesar salad $6 which came with anchovies. I was going to be brave and try them, but they went in the trash, just not for me. Now the pork tenderloin $14 was excellent! The pork was cooked perfectly and it came with this white bean, asparagus, and red pepper ragout. Mmm so good! They also threw in their tasty bread. I'd like to mention that I ate my dinner the next day so it stood up to being refrigerated and reheated! We walked around the cute little Chagrin Falls area afterward. It was an all around good time and I would highly recommend you give them a try! Just a tip, the food tastes great, portion sizes are filling, service pleasant, and atmosphere great for a date, but go during brunch/lunch because the prices are lower so saving money on top of everything else is just going to make you love this place even more.
Dang from the reviews people be really hating on this DQ! Chill, it's just soft serve ice cream. The only thing I have ever gotten from here is the Triple Chocolate Brownie. So. Good. Let me explain, it's a warmed up brownie with vanilla ice cream, cocoa fudge, choco chunks, and whipped cream. Praise be to the sweet little baby Jesus! It satisfies my dessert cravings and I often find it's big enough for me to eat half now and save the other half for another night. So treat yo self to some DQ and remember, the employees are mostly just a bunch of high school kids trying to be responsible and work an after school job, stop the hate. (And to the reviewer who has kids yelling at them for their ice cream treat not being perfect, throw that treat in the trash and make them walk their little ungrateful butts home.)If you're looking to fancy and to support local, check out Mitchell's on Detroit.
Alright, as I am sitting here in a food coma with my pants unbuttoned, I have to update my review for Chow Chow. I think if you go to a place so frequently that you've had most of the menu and the employees know your name, then you should upgrade them to five stars cause there's obviously something about their food that keeps bringing you back. Sure there are a couple things I could nitpick about, but for the most part I really dig this place and look forward to what they'll come up with in the seasonal menus. Top Favorites:Winner Dinner Fried PierogiesSmoked Pork Po'Boy (dump a small side of coleslaw on this, sooo good)Chips (add a side of their cheese dip mmm)Beans and ToastSmokey Banana Ice Cream SandwichWhile you're waiting for your food and if it's not too busy, I suggest chatting up the staff. Everyone has been very personable which is always nice. Now go check this place out!!
Just love this place! Staff is always personable and attentive. Atmosphere is classy, warm, intimate. Food is pretty freaking good. This time around I finally consulted with the fromager and tasted 5 unique cheeses. Would definitely recommend this experience if you enjoy cheese. Just keep in mind that you eat the cheese plain with only a dollop of honey and fig paste if you'd like, but no crackers to spread the cheese on. (My favorite was this tomme cheese).We tried the frise salad, croque monsieur with beans, and the chicken with onion and mashed potatoes. All were very tasty. I do prefer my beans a bit softer, but these were not bad by any means. The croque monsieur took me back to my first trip to France many years ago and I would definitely get it again, the bchamel sauce is a great touch!They have a lot where you can park for a couple bucks or if you're lucky you can snag free street parking after 6pm. Price wise it was about $76 including a 20% tip for two people and four dishes, so not cheap, but not crazy expensive. I would recommend!
Finally got to try this place today and I will definitely be back! The waitress was pleasant, the prices reasonable, the decor stylish but inviting, and the food very tasty! We were sat at a booth right away and immediately brought what I think were homemade potato chips that were crunchy and slightly spicy. We both ordered the same sandwich off of the monthly menu: fried chicken with sweet potato slaw and white BBQ sauce. This came with fresh hot french fries and what I think where homemade pickles. (I forgot to ask what was made in house, but they definitely appeared to be). Since we both love cheese we also got a side of the white cheddar sauce to dip our fires in; let me just say mmm. I also want to note that the portions were large so we both took half of our meals home, which I am very glad about since I will be reheating that tasty meal right after I finish writing this.
What a cool little bar! Went here for an event and I thought the food was really tasty, the decor nice, and the staff very friendly! We tried pierogies, sausage and sauerkraut. We even came back to try some more delicious pierogies and have a craft beer at the bar. They also have some great songs on the jukebox, both old and new ones.  I would definitely recommend you check this place out! I know I'll be back!
I'm not sure why this place has such bad reviews; it's your standard hole-in-the-wall Chinese take-out place and I had no problems with the food. Sure it's definitely not fancy, could use a good cleaning, and the staff speak broken English, but the prices are cheap and the food was A-Okay. I actually liked it better than King Wah. When we stopped in there were four other customers picking up/placing orders so you know it can't be that bad. We went with the Special Combination Plates which includes a meat with pork fried rice and an egg roll for less than $8. We got the Coconut Chicken, the Sesame Chicken and a side of Crab Rangoons. The rice was yellow and had bits of pork, onion, and bean sprouts in it. The Egg roll was standard size, crispy and tasty. I also enjoyed my coconut chicken dish. My only complaint with the food lies in the crab rangoons which were more chewy than crispy (could have cooked longer) and they were more like cream cheese and diced onion rangoons as there was no crab in these babies. Overall, I'd hit this place up again for some satisfying Chinese take-out! I'd like to try their Honey Chicken and Steamed Dumplings.
Holy deliciousness! Prayers of thanks to the rice noodle god and his sidekick the eggroll! This will probably be my Asian (Cambodian and Vietnamese) take-out place going forward. I stopped in one afternoon for take-out (don't judge, y'all know by now I'm single and only get through life by comforting myself with a plate of food I didn't have to cook myself), and was greeted by this nice smiley-faced lady behind the counter. She showed me this amazing book filled with pictures of every dish they have! Ahhh I love that! Sometimes I go into a place and I have no idea what the heck something is so the pictures really helped in picking out what to eat. I went with the...*A5 for $11.99 which is several different kinds of rolls: 2 Spring Rolls, 2 Egg Rolls, 2 Rice Paper Rolls, and 5 Mini Spring rolls. The mini rolls were my favorite, nice and crunchy.*88 for $9.99 which is Banh Sougnh: "fresh round rice noodles, lettuce, cucumber, bean sprouts, home-made whipped coconut milk, scallions, topped with chopped spring rolls, Asian basil, ground peanuts and stirred lemon grass with our special sauce."To me it was like a really tasty curry with noodles. *98 for $10.98 which is Chha Kreoung Ma Rass Prowt: "An exotic flavor, mixture of lime leaves, garlic, turmeric root, galanga root, coconut whip, Ma Rass Prowh (special vegetables from Asia) aromatic and fresh lemon grass. Stirred with onion, green or red pepper, chunky chopped roasted peanut with steamed rice and a choice of meat." This was like a typical rice dish amped up a couple notches. For both entrees I got the combination meat (chicken, shrimp, and pork) and asked for mild spiciness. I liked #88 the best, but #98 was still pretty tasty and I am excited to go home and eat it for dinner tonight. Portion sizes are pretty generous/typical of Asian take-out so I got several meals out of my order. I would definitely recommend! Only downside is that if you are inside for too long your clothes are going to have this smokey/greasy smell to them.
This place is located in a little plaza so keep your eye out or you'll miss it like I did! Once inside I encountered this girly Victorian like decor and a friendly woman behind the counter ready to help me pick some goodies out. Initially I stopped by to check out their selection of French macarons, but they were completely sold out :( so instead I opted to try some of their cupcakes and an oatmeal cream pie.The cupcakes are the perfect size to taste one or two and satisfy a craving without overindulging too much. The flavors I got were Raspberry Almond, Mint Chocolate Chip, Banana Caramel, and Strawberry something. The cake itself was light and fluffy, neither dry nor moist, and there was a good cake to frosting ratio. The banana cake seemed to actually have been made with real bananas which I enjoyed, unfortunately the strawberry one seemed more like it was made with the same red gel that it was decorated with and the almond cake tasted like regular plain cake. As for the frosting, it was either nicely piped on or roughly seated on top and was very sugary. I was told the caramel for the frosting was homemade and that they used real raspberries for the frosting as well. I think using fresh ingredients is always a win in my book and there is definitely a lower quality taste difference when this route is not taken. The oatmeal cream pie was my favorite goody from this trip. The cookie was slightly crispy with buttery oat flavors to it and even though the inside seemed like just regular frosting it was good. It is a large sized cookie and a couple bites is more than enough to get your fix, unless you had a glass of milk, then you could take that baby all in one sitting. Overall, I was meh about the cupcakes, but I would check this place out again as I am still interested in trying their French macarons and I thought the oatmeal cream pie was good.
My review only concerns the food and delivery (ya'll know I'm the take-out queen). Overall I've enjoyed my food experiences with Voodoo Tuna. I'd say it lays between Giant Eagle sushi and Ginko. So think: fresh, a little uniqueness, a little pricey. *Jamaican Bacon $9 - The smallest of the rolls I got. Good idea, just would be better if they added some spice to the rice maybe; it just needs a little something extra to make it pop.*Lakewood Roll $10 - To me this was like a good standard roll you can't go wrong with. Nothing special, but A-Ok!  *Lobster Nachos $16 - Liked that the dip came in a container big enough to make the price worth it. I'm guessing 2 cups or so of dip. Texture was thin sauce with chunks of meat and such. Tasted good. *Rise n' Shine $15 - Very tasty! I really enjoyed this a lot! The flavors worked well together. *Voodoo Pad Thai $14 - Not bad at all. Had some spicy heat to it. Would probably focus on other menu items in the future though. *Fried Calamari $11 - Breaded with crushed graham crackers and served with a coconut curry dip. At first you'll think it's odd, but you won't be able to stop eating it. I enjoyed this. Confusion with take-out: They put the sauces on the side or forget them completely. I think it would be better to just stick the little sauce cup inside the container with the dish it goes with. That way I'm not guessing what sauce goes with what nor am I crying because I don't have any sauce. Also to be noted, I would have rated Voodoo Tuna higher, but the prices on UberEats were a dollar more for each item when compared to the Voodoo Tuna website. When I inquired about this I was told that UberEats takes a cut so they increased prices to make up for that. To me this puts Voodoo Tuna in a bit of a negative greedy light (Uber as well for taking my $5 fee and taking from the restaurant too). They are still making a profit even if it is lower than what they would prefer. They are getting business that they would not otherwise be getting. When compared to other Asian restaurants on UberEats, Roxu Fusion only up charges on a select few sushi rolls, not every menu item. The Pearl of the Orient does not up charge at all. The owner, Joe, was professional with his response to my inquiry, and I do understand why they would increase prices, just from a consumers point of view, it doesn't look good especially when they are the only restaurant doing it and their prices aren't cheap to begin with. I will probably put them on the back burner when it comes to take-out, but I do hear that they have a great happy hour so I would suggest checking them out during that time.
I have done this twice now and really enjoyed it. I am not an artist by any means but they walk you through how to paint the painting and although everyone does the same one they all turn out unique and not too bad haha.  Going with a friend or going alone, this is a good option for an enjoyable night out.
Don't give this review too much street cred since I only had one drink and one sugar dusted pretzel bite, but I'm digging this place. My friends and I were participating in the Souper Bowl event around Gordon Square Saturday and decided to stop into Old City for a hard drink after all that soup we ate. The atmosphere seemed chill and we sat at the bar and all ordered a cocktail. I am weak when it comes to liquor so I had them mix me up this cider soda with a dash of vanilla vodka and it as pretty tasty! I would definitely get that again. One of my friends ordered cinnamon sugar dusted pretzel bites and I had one. Not a fan, the pretzels were over cooked. I've heard really good things about the food at this place so maybe it was just a fluke. I would definitely come back for a cocktail and another shot at their food.
Stopped here for a drink with a friend and decided to get some food to-go. Atmosphere at the bar was nice, very chill with dim lighting but a colorful glow from the holiday lights on the window. The bartender was soft-spoken but no issues with service; she helped me with picking out what food to get, kept our water glasses full, and brought us over some chips and dips to much on while we drank and waited. Some hoppin' Indian music was playing and after a couple more drinks we probably would have started shimmying and shaking. As for food:*Table chips and Dip Free - Very light and crispy with a black pepper flavor. The dip is thin so you gotta let your chip sit for a minute to soak. *Chicken Tikka Masala $14.99 - Very saucy. Usually I don't use all of the white rice they give you but with this version you need it. Also note that while some Indian places make this dish with coconut milk, Tandul does not. Large portion so you can definitely share or get a couple meals out of it. *Garlic Cheese Naan $4.99 - A bit too soft so I think it could have used another minute or two to cook, but great flavor and perfect for tearing off chunks to scoop up your entree with. *Samosa $5.99 - You get three large ones plus a green sauce and a brown sauce. *Gobi Manchurian $10.99 - Cauliflower you don't mind eating. The food here definitely has some heat to it so be warned, I asked for mild and still thought it was spicy, but I am also a wimp. Portions are generous. Prices seem a little high. But, I enjoyed my food and I am looking forward to leftovers. I will definitely be back to explore more of their menu! I just might need to ask for a side of yogurt sauce to cool down my mouth with.
Now I have never been here to eat, and the beers seem okay, but really this review is for the events GLBC throw. Winter 2013 some friends and I went to a gingerbread house building contest they had and it was a blast! For like $25 per group we had two hours or so to to get creative with tons of candies and beer bottles. See attached photos to really appreciate the awesomeness of what slightly intoxicated adults can build. They had some light appetizers for us to all enjoy and the top three teams won prizes.
Went here for a work Happy Hour event. Nice little place, seems appropriate for the professional/money makers crowd, so I felt a little out of place in just my business casual clothes (and snow boots because the night we went there was pretty much a blizzard going on outside). I got the Crispy Chicken Thigh Sandwich which was pretty tasty and so was the glass of Moscato I had. Only downside would be that they never announced that Happy Hour was ending to our group so when a couple of us tried to order drinks 2 minutes after we were turned down.
I went to Namaste when they first opened with the Cleveland Supper Club and if I recall correctly we all enjoyed our experience. I decided to get take-out recently and I was not disappointed. I really enjoy their Garlic Naan, it's soft and you can see the chunks of garlic. Their Butter Chicken dish is right up my alley as well, also big enough for 2-3 meals depending on your appetite. The yogurt sauce in their Dahi Vada appetizer is awesome, but I did not like the "donuts" that came with it. The Gobi 65 was tasty seasoned and fried cauliflower (I dipped them into the yogurt sauce mentioned above).Namaste and India Garden are sister restaurants so expect the same quality and customer service. Namaste serves Southern Indian cuisine and India Garden takes care of the Northern Cuisine.
Went here around 9pm on a Saturday night for date and I must say that I really enjoyed this place! Clean and classy atmosphere with a little bit of cozy with the dimmed lighting. Staff was pleasant and attentive. Our meals started off with some fresh warm bread and butter. Very good, the bread had a nice crust but was soft on the inside. -Killer French Dip $17: I love a good french dip and this did not disappoint! Excellent portion size and very tasty! (Broth was a little salty, but whatevs)-Pan Roasted Salmon $22: This was cooked perfectly! I am not usually a fan of salmon, but I had a couple bites of this, the skin was crispy and the inside was moist and delicious especially with that dill butter. The house mashed potatoes tasted like they had some garlic in them which I enjoyed as well. Sure this place is a little pricey, but it's also fancier and I think a great spot for a nice date night with your loved one (or booty call, no judgment here, everyone has to eat). I would definitely come here again!
We stopped in on a weekend afternoon to check this place out. Hostess was pleasant. Place was clean with some humorous country dcor. It's in a plaza across from Macy's FYI. -Double patty MacDaddy $7.29 - Had a bite of this and it's just like the chain version. Not really impressed with it. Also, the burger patties look small on top of the big soft buns.-Godfather $5.79 - Pretty tasty burger. The garlic mayo, bruschetta topping, and crispy onion straws really worked well on this. I would get it again. -Medium fry $3.79 - Fresh cut and big enough for two people to share. However, we had to put them in the oven when we got home because they weren't cooked long enough (edible, but a little too pale and limp to be enjoyable). -Side of sauce .79 - But more than plenty to dip your fries into. I would compare this place to Five Guys, but not as greasy and perhaps better since they offer a lot more toppings. While my first visit was not a home-run, I would still definitely hit this place back up again (the price is right, the godfather was tasty, and the fries were good after cooking longer).
I'm not big on chocolate bars or truffles, but lord all mighty a box of those delicious Bordeaux toffees does not last long in my house! It's English toffee and almonds drenched in Malley's milk chocolate with a nutty chopped almond topping, mmm so good!I want to go back and try their chocolate covered oreo's and some peanut brittle!
Went out with my co-workers for lunch and decided the weather was perfect for a little patio time at Winking Lizard. All around this place is great; it offers an excellent beer list, has consistently good food (it's not outstanding, but it's better than a lot of places around here), is very reasonably priced, and the staff is friendly. Although this place seemed to be steady, our party of eight was seated right away. For food I opted for the Pulled Chicken Melt: it comes on sourdough bread with BBQ sauce, bacon, and Gouda cheese. To really set things off I added a little coleslaw to my melt and it was petty tasty. The slightly crispy steak fries were enjoyable as well. I can't speak on the alcoholic beverages as this was a work lunch, but my water with lemon suit me just fine. Everyone seemed to like what they ordered and the waitress was on top of things. No complaints here!All in all I think Winking Lizard is always a safe bet for food or drinks!
Alright CP, you've been my macaron dealer for about six months now and I have tried roughly 72 flavors so far, so I think it's fair for me to have a little heart to heart with you. 1. I love it when that first bite into a macaron breaks its thin crisp cookie shell and opens up to the smooth creamy filling in the center. Soooo I will keep paying the increased price of $2 per macaron, but come on now, how about a deal when a dozen are purchased? (Pistacia Vera in Columbus has AWESOME macarons and you can get a dozen different flavors for $18.) Or a frequent buyer card? ;) 2. Every time I go into the shop there are different people working. I am assuming the reason is because you hire a lot of part time Case students? I just enjoy the consistency of seeing familiar faces at a local establishment and having that friendly "Oh yay our macaron addict is back" connection. Also, don't let Lisa go. She is ALWAYS pleasant even when I take too long scanning my list of already tried flavors before I place an order. 3. Listen, I know there was that one time I may have almost backed over Britt as I was trying to exit the parking lot and she was walking into it, but I swear I am a lot more cautious now when looking behind me. So please forgive me and take requests for certain flavors seriously. I put up with Bubblegum, Grapefruit, and that one that tastes like potpourri, so for the love of all things delicious, make some more S'mores and Cucumber-Mint macarons! Ooohh or Mango-Jalapeno or Maple-Bourbon! Or a new Caramel Apple flavor? Mmm...Sorry, just seems like every other week you're making Raspberry-Rose, Lavender, or Mexican Chocolate. Please don't take away my macaron privileges now. Thank you!
I LOVE cupcakes and really wanted to like this place, but I have tried them twice now and have only been disappointed. My last order of cupcakes I took one bite of each and ended up throwing them all way (six cupcakes in the trash made me really sad). They are just too big with too much icing and the cake itself did not taste like much of anything. They did not taste like they are made with fresh ingredients. The pictures of the cakes always look amazing though!
We got some lunch take-out from Tartine to fill our craving for some fancy French food. When I walked in everyone seemed to stare at me, but hey, I'm not dressing up just to pick up take-out! But it's a cute little place and the staff were friendly. Our bill came to $44, the portions aren't that big, but keep in mind this is a more "up-scale" kind of place. On to the food!Stuffed Peppers - Only two small stuffed peppers, but they were good. Stuffed Dates - OMG so delicious, but I wish there was more of them!Cauliflower Gratin - This was good, but it definitely is heavy. Duck Tartine with salad - Brie, fig preserves, duck, YUM! The side salad is very simple with just lettuce though.Heirloom Tomato Pizza - Okay, but a little greasy and I didn't really like the cornmeal on the dough. All in all, I would definitely check this place out again as the dates and tartine were really good!
Stopped by on a Thursday around 8pm and they were all out of meat so I tried again on a Saturday around 12:30pm and success! The manager let me know that I can always call ahead and place an order so that it will be there since lately they have been selling out well before closing time. The building is a little ice cream shack that you walk up to and there are 3 parking spots in front, but there is a lot of parking along the street. The staff does seem to be younger and they didn't come across as very personable (no welcome greeting), but they were nice and helpful when I asked about the menu. You can get your food to-go or you can sit at one of the several picnic tables and enjoy your meal outside. I went with...-The Original Bobo: brisket, coleslaw, pickles, bbq sauce. -Lickity Pig: pulled pork glazed with mustard and apple butter, coleslaw, bbq sauce.  -The Hawaiian Hillbilly: boneless chicken thigh with skin on, pineapple ring, cheddar cheese, bbq sauce.-Side of Baked Beans.-Side of Macaroni Salad.  (They switched over from Mac & Cheese but hopefully they bring it back). For the food, everything is homemade which I am always a fan of. A word of caution though, you'll definitely need to wash your hands and face after you eat one of these sliders because they are loaded with sauce and are pretty messy. The size of the sliders is actually about the size of a regular sandwich with plenty of meat on them and I think one slider with a side is plenty for a meal to fill you up, but if your stomach can handle two sliders without bursting then the more the merrier! The Hillbilly seemed to actually be made with skinless chicken breast meat, but it was moist and flavorful. The brisket had a big chunk of fat and along with the pulled pork both were on the drier side so slightly chewy, but still flavorful and I liked the touch of black pepper. The Lickity does have this unique cinnamon apple taste to it which I am guessing is from the apple butter?The sliders are $5 each (max price you can charge for this in my opinion), but I did find a coupon in the mail for buy one get one half off. The sides are $2 each and come in 5 1/2oz containers which does seem a little small, but at $7 for a slider and a side I think it's a decent price for what you're getting; I would not pay more. As for the taste, the baked beans were not bad with a mild chili flavor, pieces of brisket, green peppers, onions and I think I saw three different beans in it. The macaroni salad was pretty standard with green peppers, onions, carrots and a mayo based sauce. Nothing to write home about. Overall I would definitely hit this place up again! Maybe next time I'll even try the milkshakes.
I was really craving biscuits and gravy so I decided to check this place out. The young lady who took my order was new, but she was very pleasant on the phone and let me order take-out since they weren't busy yet (normally no take-outs allowed on the weekends). Orders here are pretty large and well priced in my opinion because my $6 meal included six buttery bottom grilled biscuits and two cups of sausage gravy. Simple, but tasty. I would order this again!On another occasion I tried their breakfast Mexican burrito and this baby is large! I want to say the cost was around $10 and the burrito included toppings like salsa, sour cream and half an avocado. Taste wise it was just okay, no dance party for your mouth, more like something to stuff you for a Sunday afternoon coma while binging on Netflix. All in all, it's a decent affordable place that I would probably check out again. Just a heads up that it gets busy fast on weekends so you might have a wait if you come in during peak hours.
Stopped in one Sunday evening and the place was pretty busy, they even had several people come in for to-go orders too. Staff seemed a little frazzled but still friendly. *Chicken Tikka Masala $10.99 - Standard amount of tastiness. I enjoyed this dish, but I thought there was too much rice so I only used half of it. *Garlic Naan $2.49 - Pretty good, and excellent for scooping up your masala with.*Chicken Puff $2.99 - Terrible. Super dry with no flavor. I threw it away. *Gobi 65 $7.99 - I think this was good, all I can remember is that my mouth was on fire and they did not include any sort of cool yogurt dipping sauce to balance out the heat. *Samosa $3.49 - Standard taste, but smaller than I am used to seeing. *Rasmalai $3.49 - Unique spongy milky slightly sweet dessert. Not bad, but one experience was good enough for me. All in all I would say this place was A-Okay. No major complaints, but I do think I've had better at Namaste and India Garden in Lakewood. If Lakewood is too far for you then I think Biryani Hut is perfectly okay to dine at. I would rate them 3.5 stars and I will probably give them another try.Side note: They accidentally charged me tax on my to-go order so just double check before you pay.
We had our June supper club here and I must say Noble Beast is a pretty nice beer drinking space. Getting here I did have to drive through a shady looking part of town where people were sleeping in doorways and groups of men were arrogantly/carelessly walking all over the streets. Once you get to the brewery though the fear you had for your safety is diminished. They have street parking, a paid lot, and the FBI is across the street. Inside is open and airy with a garage door at the front and back. This is incredibly helpful on warmer days when you need a little breeze to help with that back sweat. Decor had that popular casual industrial vibe with plenty of seating (although we came on a Wednesday evening and it was pretty full). For service it's up to you. Just like Hatfield's or Masthead or even McDonald's, you order at the counter/bar, pay, and then pick up your food/drinks when staff calls your name. Napkins and silverware are on the tables or you can pick up more at a side counter. You bus your own table or if they have time someone will help take away dishes. But in general, no one waits on you so I think this is where we questioned if we should leave a tip or not. We all ended up leaving a little something to show our appreciation for them handling a bunch of orders at once, but I do not think a tip is obligatory in this instance just like it's not at similarly run businesses. If I am wrong and a jerk I apologize, please put up a tip etiquette sign for the clueless. The owner is very personable and told us how he had experience at Fat Heads and Platform before opening up his own place (also the wife is super nice too and their baby is a cutie). They have four or five house beers on tap then a couple guest beers for you to choose from. I went with a flight and I want to say each beer in my flight was $2.50 and either 4 or 5 ounces. I'm not a huge beer fan so it all tasted just okay to me, but I am glad I got to try a variety and think everyone should do a flight!As for food we all shared and got several things. I tried a bit of the meatball sub and thought it was pretty tasty. The bread had a firm crust but was soft on the inside and I liked the cheese curds on top. The soft pretzel was actually pretty hard but we were told that is usually not the case and it must have been a cooking mistake. The veggie sandwich got mixed reviews (one person really liked it, the other thought it was just okay), but I enjoyed the coleslaw that came with it. Several people liked the graham cracker crusted pickle chips, but I was not a fan plus that apple ketchup threw me off. Full tray of nachos $12 seemed to be a hit across the board (I kept tasting something slightly sweet/unique and it turns out they cook the meat with cinnamon sticks!). For dessert we got this cheesecake roll $6. It's like six slices of frozen cheesecake wrapped in oats that you dip in this very hot caramel bacon sauce. I loved the taste and the hot/cold textures. All in all I would definitely come back here and I suggest you give them a try!
This place is not only for catering but it is a party center as well. I have been here for a New Years Eve party and for a wedding reception and both times the food was excellent, the staff friendly, and the decor wonderful. I would definitely recommend people check this place out if the opportunity ever arises!
Alright, I keep coming back to this place so I need to update my review. Again I will say that this place really tries, they keep adding new dishes to the menu and these are some alluring sounding creations - I think this is why I keep going back. *Blueberry Waffle Grilled Goat Cheese $9 - Good but would have been great if they added some lemon/zest to the waffle batter and crisped up the waffle some more so it wasn't so soft.  *Corned Beef Boxty $10 (w/ side of thousand island)- The potato pancakes were delicious, the corned beef was like an ounce though so they definitely skimped on the meat. *Bacon $2 - Regular bacon, I think you get 4 strips?*Broccolini $4 - Nice to have a veggie available so you don't feel as fat eating bread and potatoes. *Lamb Meatballs $10.50 - Good, liked the dipping sauce it came with. *Beet Salad $7.50 - Enjoyed this as well, minus the store bought croutons. *Lobster and Crab Dip $11.50 - Smelled fishy in a bad way. *Pancetta Brussel Sprouts $4.00 - Good. So yeah rating is between 3 and 4 stars... the food is not bad by any means, and there are great ideas coming out of the kitchen, just not exactly executed the best way it could be. I keep hoping they kick things up a notch and meet their potential to serve some spectacular tasting food. Give 'em a try.
Went here a couple of years ago and I remember the food being really good. You order it cafeteria style and the place has a homey vibe to it. We got...Breaded pork chops, chicken marsala, pierogies, chocolate cake, and strawberry cheese cake. All yummy.
Updating my review to three stars because their reuben pizza is pretty freaking tasty! Also, staff was friendly and my order was ready on time. I was hating on Mellow Mushroom for a while there, but I think I might have to check out more of their pizza offerings now!
A friend had told me about this cooking school so I decided to look it up and was really excited when I found out they teach classes on how to make French Macarons! I absolutely love these things! I think the price is $55 a class and there were about 12 of us split into 4 groups with each group making one of the following flavors: Raspberry with Chocolate Filling, Tiramisu-Chocolate Mocha with Marsala Mascarpone Filling, Lemon with White Chocolate Buttercream Filling, and Strawberry with Lemon Buttercream. The instructor and her helper had made a fresh batch of Macaroons (not the same thing) for us to nibble on while we were baking and they were really tasty! I didn't realize it was so hard to make French Macarons, but the effort paid off! Each of us got to try one of each flavor and they were about 3 times the size you would buy at a pastry shop. They gave us the recipes and I am looking forward to attempting to make these delicious goodies again someday. I would definitely take another cooking class! They instructors were great and the fellow students friendly.
Just noticed this place the other day and since it is close to my house my guest and I decided to walk to it with the thought being that we might burn off some of the delicious calorie load we were about to take in. Neither of us had heard of Firehouse Subs before so we were curious, but no disappointments here! The food:Firehouse Steak & Cheese $6.99 (steak, cheese, peppers and onions)Engineer $6.69 (Turkey, swiss, grilled mushrooms)We both went with medium hot subs under $7 and decided to forgo any sides or desserts (although the cookies look really good). I want to say the mediums are 8 inches long which is a pretty good sized sub. We both really enjoyed our subs a lot! Very tasty and filling. The theme is firehouse stuff if that wasn't obvious. One weird bit of decor though was huge painting with a kangaroo off to the side. Apparently the owner is from Australia. Only negatives would be that everyone greets you loudly at once when you walk in. Comes across a bit forced and not so genuine as one simple direct smile and hello would. Also I think the subs take a little longer than other seasoned subs shops, but this could be because the place is new and still training/working out the kinks. Lastly it's a sub shop so not a ton of variety, but will satisfy you if you're in the mood for deli meat on a big bun. All in all I would definitely come here again! Nice competition for Jersey Mike's and Penn Station.
Ever since Falafel Cafe closed I have been looking for an equal replacement for their veggie and mixed grill sampler platters. I have found this and more at Istanbul Mediterranean Grill! Sure, it's about $20 more expensive, but oooohh is it tasty. *Sigara Boregi $ 7.99 - phyllo dough stuffed with feta. I dipped these in this cucumber yogurt sauce. Pretty good. *Mixed Appetizer (small) $16.99 - delicious hummus, smokey baba, sweet grape leaf, cool lebni, chunky eggplant sauce, and tabouli. Oh my such great flavors! They give you some homemade Turkish round bread to rip apart and soak up the goods with. *Mixed Grill $26.99 - overpriced, but lots of meat: beef, chicken, lamb with rice. *Baklava $5.49 -  four small pieces. Tasty, just a lot of syrup. They also have Turkish versions of hot sauce, garlic sauce, and yogurt sauce.Overall, I was happily surprised by the portion size and flavors of the food. Easily 3-4 meals depending on your appetite or amount of guests. I look forward to leftovers! I know this place is pricier than the fast casual spots around town, but honestly, it's worth it. While I won't get this all of the time, it will definitely be added to my list of good Mediterranean places to treat myself at.
Alright, I think this place is 3.5 stars, but since we can't do half stars I am going with 3 until I try it again. Here's my reasoning:We came in with a group of 5 (supposed to have double, but the cavs parade/rally affected that). Atmosphere is great - modern, trendy, relaxed, clean. The patio had pots of herbs growing out on it which was nice to see, besides who doesn't love a nice patio?! Server was personable and you could tell he tried his best to explain the concept of Plum and describe/recommend the dishes. From my understanding this is a farm to table place that likes to take lesser used (less favorable?) ingredients and put a sophisticated twist on them. Food - they were out of several things, but we were able to pick from the lunch and dinner menu so we tried a variety of appetizers and entres. -Ploughman's Lunch $9: Minus the goopy white part of the egg, this sandwich was simple but pretty good in my opinion. All of the ingredients worked well together. -Pork Cheek Pastrami Salad $9: I had a bite of this sandwich and didn't think it was too bad, but other's seemed to think the unique taste/texture did not agree with their palate. -Crispy Confit Chicken Feet $5: This dish was a bit of a  mental challenge for me to get over the fact that I was eating chicken feet. BUT, I'll admit they had good flavor. -Catfish Nuggets $6 & Yellow Corn Grit Croquettes $8: Feeling indifferent about both of these, not bad at all, but not really rememberable. -Creamed Spelt $9: I liked this. Crunchy fresh peas, touch of lemon, and a nice cream sauce.-Smoke Ohio Raised Pork Shank $19: Everyone seemed to like their taste of this dish. The pork and yogurt sauce paired nicely together. -Homestead Springs Farm-Raised Trout $22: Seems like we had some split opinions on this dish. I personally was not a fan of seeing the entire fish, the green goop under the skin, or the taste, but another diner really enjoyed it. All in all, I think if you are someone who likes to try new things then I would recommend this place, especially since they change the menu regularly. It's a nice environment and the prices aren't pretentious. The food isn't bad, just a different experience than most are used to probably, but that's what's fun! Step outside your comfort-zone and you might find something new you like (or just confirm you definitely don't like something no matter how fancied up it is).
First time checking out SRB and I really enjoyed it! We stopped in around 9pm on a Saturday and this place was hoppin'! Staff was pleasant and helpful (esp the lady that works there). Plenty of different beer options (IPA, barelywine, oatmeal stout, cherry wit, winter ale, etc) to try and some games on the tables you can play if you want. Location is easy to get to, but not much else happening in that industrial spot. Inside is simple, clean, modern/trendy. They don't sell food, but will announce on social media if a food truck will be there on a particular night. It was a bummer that they close at 10pm on a weekend, but we'll just have to plan better next time. They also have special events like trivia or live music. I would suggest giving this local place a try! It's a great spot to have some drinks and socialize.
Lowering the rating to three stars because I'm just not impressed with this place. Ordered a variety of food and it was all pretty underwhelming, and not to mention pricey for what you get. Not bad, just a bit mediocre.
Yay! I'm a fan! I've had this place bookmarked for ever so I was very glad when we came here for May supper club so I could finally check it out! Listen, I know coming into the city seems like a hassle for some, but it's worth it! I had no issue with traffic and scored a free parking spot on the street just a two minute walk from the restaurant. I got there around 5:30 which was just in time to enjoy their happy hour specials at the bar (HH is 4-6pm). Right off the bat we had excellent service! I think her name was Lilly or Libby? and she was on top of her game the entire time we were there. She knew about the menu, was friendly to chat with, and kept our orders right even though we moved from the bar to a table and split dishes. As for decor, I'd say this place is sleek and modern with an alluring vibe to it. They have a bar, single tables, and a big table off to the side that is partly covered with a chain curtain for a private party/more intimate feel. The high ceilings are draped with fabric and are light up. Just a cool place. Now, yes it's pricey, but you're downtown! Come on, it is what it is just enjoy the experience while you're there. And let's be real, the food is good. You're not going to regret anything. Speaking of food:*Happy Hour Chickpea Jar $6 - Basically a hummus dip that you spread on warm bread. Very tasty and plenty enough to share. *Happy Hour Veggie Big Mac $6 - Great flavors, just a little on the mushy side for me. However that might be because we talked a lot and so it sat for a while. *Happy Hour Cocktails $8 - For HH you get a dollar off of the cocktails. I thought the strawberry smashers was refreshing and tasty. The blood orange cocktail was just okay.*S'mores Hand Pie $9 - OMG AMAZING! Seriously really good, the stuff your belly dreams about. I would love to come back and try the salmon entree and some of their other dishes. A bit disappointed that they no longer have the bacon jam to go with the bread board, but eh you can't miss what you don't know. I also like how they have plenty of vegetarian friendly dishes so both meat and plant eaters can come here and be satisfied. The only weird thing is that they were not busy at all. Like I know it was a Wednesday evening, but just odd that there were only two groups dinning here. I am guessing people are just intimidated by the parking and prices, which is a shame because this place really is great. I know I would definitely come here again for a special occasion. If they pushed HH to 6:30 and added more food options I'd probably jump at meeting friends and lovers here after work.
I lost my entire muffler/exhaust this morning. I called Firestone and they wanted over $600! I called Rainbow Mufflers and was told a much lower price (under $150) so that is where I stopped by this afternoon to have my car repaired. So to keep things simple, the guy who actually worked on my car was fantastic! He explained things to me, was very friendly, and even worked with me on the price which turned out to be $286. Now the guy I spoke to on the phone this morning was friendly on the phone but apparently not very knowledgeable of the field he is in. He told me he knew exactly what part I was talking about and to throw away the parts of my car that fell off and reassured me of this and the $150 price even after I discussed and questioned this multiple times. But I don't know much about cars so I trusted him. When I got there the guy seemed rude and short with other customers and other staff. One worker forgot to put a ladies oil change sticker in her window and the counter guy loudly complained in front of all the customers how if he wants something done right he has to do it himself. This guy was just unprofessional all around. My ending price was higher than expected, but that was because I could have salvaged my old parts (that I was told to throw away) instead of having to get completely new and custom fitted pipes.
I've been to two Yelp Elite events at Amp that were AWESOME. I decided to come back with a friend to try their happy hour. The lighting is soft and low, space is cool and comfortable with a chill vibe, I'd say it would be a great place to relax after work or meet up with a date. Bartenders are friendly and attentive. No issues at all with the staff. Drinks of course are on the strong side. Food was just okay this time around. I went with the deviled eggs and I'm not sure those ever give off a "hell yeah get in my mouth" taste. I also went with this baked, creamy, gnocchi & cheese dish with toasted bread crumbs on top. This was pretty good! Heavy, but good. My friend went with the fried pickles which I thought were overwhelmed by the breading. Two are okay, but I didn't want to eat anymore. They also got the tacos and enjoyed them, I had a bite and thought they seemed regular. I'd like to go back and give them another try, I might have just been a sourpuss the night I went.
I don't care if you are from out of town or have lived in Cleveland your whole life, you NEED to check out Lolly the Trolley! A friend and I took a tour today and the weather was beautiful, the guide (Lois) pleasant and knowledgeable, and the tour ended with me feeling even more in love and proud of Cleveland. Next time you encounter someone who wants to knock our city, just punch them in the face. Not really, but you should stand up for your awesome city and educate that ignorant person on all of the wonderful things that make up this badass city on the lake. Sure, we have had some hard times, but we are definitely making a strong comeback! On the trolley tour I got to see this rising up with stops in the Flats where new condos are being constructed, a drive by that gorgeous new bling (chandelier) Playhouse has on display, a view of the new convention center (see you soon, republicans), and in the thousands of people out enjoying the Gay Games. This tour shows you some hidden gems and provides neat facts/tidbits on Cleveland and the people who have called this city home. Things you wouldn't normally discover while you're busy zipping around the city. (There is a secret tunnel that was used for the underground railroad; Bob Hope got his start here; mail home delivery started here; the Wicked Witch of the West grew up here; Chef Boyardee came from a real chef that lived in Cleveland.)So take some time to stop, smell that Lake Erie air, and appreciate.
I stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon and the place was pretty quiet. They had apparently already done most of their business earlier in the day and were even out of some items. Still, this offered me the opportunity to chat with the owners who seemed like pleasant enough people. I went with the Terminal Tower $10 which is your normal club sandwich just with some fancier sounding ingredients (kettle fried turkey, aged swiss). The size fully supported the price, and it was an A-Okay sandwich (good but nothing special), just a little dry in my opinion, could have used some more mayo. I got a side of their homemade clam chowder $4 to go with this. Again, A-okay tasting. Not a creamy thick soup, but had more of a broth like texture to it. There was also the American Splendor $9, this was a really tasty veggie sandwich and I would definitely get it again. Pasta salad and potato salad sides are $1.50, are in 4oz containers I think?, and are a nice way to round out your meal. Also great that they mix up their side offerings so one day it could be ranch potato salad and the next it could be creamy corn pasta salad (making this up, idk all their offerings, check their website). Depending on what you get if you want a sandwich, side, and drink you're looking at $11-$18 for a meal which seems a little high for a deli, but it is in line with all of the other unique sandwich shops in the Cleveland area (Herb n' Twine, Bogtrotters Doorstep, Cleveland Pickle. Although I'd say TJ's Butcher Block has less frills and is more affordable). Overall, not bad, I would check this place out again.
We've been ordering off of UberEats so this review is only for the food. *Sauerkraut Balls $5.95 - Meh, the breading tasted off to me and why the heck is this paired with cocktail sauce? I would not order this again. *Cucumber Salad $5.95 - Refreshing, tasty, and a large portion meant to share. *Bavarian Pretzel $5.95 - Nice thick soft pretzel that paired well with the beer cheese dip (ask for extra dip!). *Potato Pancakes $5.95 - I liked that this was more pancake than hashbrown. Uniquely appealing with the sour cream and applesauce to top it with. *Pierogies $6.95 - We got one cheddar and one ricotta. I could not taste any cheddar, just potato. The ricotta was freaking awesome though. Tasted slightly sweet with some cinnamon? They are large sized but I think $7 is a little bit pricey for just 2. *Chicken Parikash $16.95 - Tasty. I prefer shredded white chicken, but with this version you will get a whole piece of white and one of dark meat, whatevs, still good. Spatzel was like delicious little puffs of cloud. You get a roll with your dinner but that's it. (The Little Polish Diner sells this dish for only $9.95)*German Platter $16.95 - Would recommend if you would like a nice sampling of things. I especially liked the red cabbage and the schnitzel, the German potato salad had too much of a vinegar taste for me. I think some items are a little bit overpriced. We did enjoy a majority of the food though, has a hearty home cooked feel to it. Decent portion sizes. I would continue to order from them. My only complaint is that the to-go containers are of that soft recycled kind so they turn soggy when anything warm and juicy is put inside.
Hellz to the yeah! Such great flavors! I know people have been raving about the Porchetta ($9.50), but I thought the Smoked Turkey Club ($10) was better. Each sandwich comes with half a pickle, and these babies are done just right with a crisp crunch and a slight dill flavor. I personally believe you should alternate bites of sandwich with bites of pickle mmm. I'd say the sandwiches are about 6-7 inches in length with a decent amount of fillings, but I'd probably recommend rounding out the meal with a side of soup or one of their salads. The Tomato Bisque ($4) with blue cheese croutons was smooth and tasty. The Kale Caesar ($5.50) is simple and satisfying especially if you get it with the buttermilk parmesan dressing. They also sell Graham Pretzel Fudge Bars ($3) if you're craving a dessert. There was ample free street parking when I went, and once inside you're greeted by a friendly lady working the counter. Here she'll tell you how they try to get as many ingredients locally as they can, and they make as much as they can in-house. I'm talking the bread, dressings, soups, etc. Always love to hear/see/taste that! I'd definitely try this place out again. My only slight issue is that $15 for a sandwich and side seems a little pricey. Don't get me wrong, it's a tasty good meal, but no large portions nor super exceptional ingredients to warrant the price in my opinion. For $10 you can get 3 tacos and a side at Bomba, or a fried chicken dinner at Chow Chow, and for $12 you can get a burger and fries at Jammy Buggars. I think to make Herb n' Twine more of a regular stop than a once in a while treat, they'd need to throw in some meal deal specials or buy one get one half off coupons. (Don't roll your eyes at me, I'm a financial analyst by trade, I can't help it!)Overall, happy with my experience and I hope to see some homemade pasta or potato salad sides on the menu in the future.
Went here today for lunch for my department's holiday party and I must say we were all very pleased! The decor is clean and nice, and the staff friendly, but the star here is the hibachi! For lunch they give you a little house salad and for the main entree (I chose steak and chicken) they cook it up in front of you with tons of rice, noodles (yes noodles too!), veggies and meat. I especially liked Wasabi because they cook with plenty of butter and garlic which smells and tastes amazing. At other habachi places they over do it on the salt and soy sauce, but not here! I ended up leaving with a full box of leftovers which is always nice. It did seem really loud inside though, a little hard to hear others on the other side of the table, but if you just nod your head and smile, that usually works. The only real downside for me was that they don't give you fortune cookies after your meal and instead they have this weird flavored gum you can snag on your way out. All in all, I'd recommend!
I've been here twice so far, first time to meet up with friends and the second time for a work event. This review is mainly for the work event as there was much more to it than just a drink at the bar. We decided to do a beer tasting event with executives and young professionals. Tickets were $30, but that covered the executives tickets, food, drinks, and probably other fees I am not aware of. Pros: We were able to reserve the picnic tables in the front for our event. We got to sample 4-5 house brews: from light ales to dark stouts to a peach one. We also got samplings of food from Momocho (or maybe it was El Carnicero?): chips and guac, a fried stuffed hot pepper, some sort of corn taco, and this corn cake thing. All were tasty and I think the beers did pair decently with the food. The atmosphere was pretty laid back which made things more easy going for mingling amongst our group. You can park in the funeral home lot right at the corner so that makes parking simple and easy. Cons: We sat at picnic tables, would have been better if there was a special room for groups, but it is what it is. It was really loud inside, especially when people started playing that bowling arcade game right next to us. A rep from Platform and one from Momocho (or El Carnicero) came to each table to discuss what we were eating/drinking, but often times they had to interrupt our groups to do this. May have been nice to have a little print out description of each course instead. Over all I like Platform and would check this place out again during happy hour with some friends.
Music Box was having a sale where tickets were only $10 so I snagged some for a Griffin House concert on a Monday night. We pulled in and expected to pay for parking but no attendant was there so free parking! Our venue was upstairs and since we got in about 40 minutes before the start of the show we had an excellent choice for seating even with a crowd already starting to form front and center. The space looks great! Intimate feel to the place and I love all the windows with a view right next to the river. The servers were nice and they would try to duck out of the way so as not to interrupt your concert experience too much. I also enjoyed the manager stopping by to make sure everything was okay. As for food I got this shrimp and grits bowl that was a bit salty, but still enjoyable for the most part. My friend went with a salad that they said was okay. Prices are a bit high here though; we're talking $12 for a beer outside Bud Light. Overall, really enjoyed the space and the music, just think the food and drink were "meh". I'd definitely hit this place up again as I think it would be excellent for a night out during the week, just maybe get a tastier dinner elsewhere beforehand or bring your suggar daddy to pay for drinks.
OMG SO GOOD! I saw this place pop up in my Yelp feed and immediately bookmarked it as a place to check out ASAP and so glad I did! Other reviews say this place is hard to find, but a quick look at the map and you can see it is in the middle of East 8th street (a side street between Prospect and Euclid), and if you're going East on Euclid you can see a big banner on the side of the building. I was lucky and got a spot right on Euclid and with a few quick steps I was inside and quickly seated at the bar with my friend. First off, very nice modern and classy decor, and very spacious. The kind of style that doesn't need to try and still comes off as an inviting and perfect setting for a business meeting, happy hour with friends, or date night with your lover. The music played overhead is neither loud nor annoying; my friend was actually doing a little shoulder shake in her chair to one of the songs. Now for the food. During happy hour their bar snacks are a dollar off, they have $6 fancy drink specials, and a discount on their craft beers on tap as well. I skipped the drinks tonight and aimed my focus on the food. I started with the homemade bacon and cheese tots and instead of their ketchup, I asked for a side of their cajun aioli to dip my tots in. I'll be honest here, I usually don't like tots because they are too small and fried for my tastes, but I hadn't had carbs in 5 days and I was about to stab someone so I went with the tots. SMART CHOICE! They come in a serving size of 8 and are maybe double the size of a regular pre-made frozen tot. Ohh and that canjun aioli? Just the perfect amount of kick that went really well with the tots. Next up was a reuben sans bun with green beans instead of the house chips. The corned beef had a delightful. unique, slightly sweet taste to it that really made it stand apart from the stuff you'd get at Slyman's or Danny's Deli. I was told this is because they make their own brine for the corned beef and use various spices like nutmeg in it. I also really enjoyed the side of green beans; they had a light seasoning of salt and pepper on them and were cooked perfectly in my opinion (not so soft and limp like canned beans, but also not so stiff and gross like the frozen ones). I did steal two noodles from my friend's jerk pasta and lordy lordy, I must say I don't know how people can remain composed and not lick the sauce off the bowl that stuff was so good! One of the owners stopped by to see how we were enjoying our experience; I ALWAYS appreciate a business taking the time to make sure their customers are enjoying themselves. We all got to talking and the owner showed us the private banquet room in the back that can fit about 45 people and has it's own bar. I would definitely suggest this place for a Yelp event, a supper club, or even a professionals networking event. My bill was $21 including tax and 20% tip. Not bad in my opinion especially when the food is homemade and has real flavor. If you check in with the Yelp app you get 10% off your bill, and hold on to that receipt because it is good for 10% off their Sunday brunch! I will definitely be coming back and telling everyone about this great new addition to downtown!
***UpdateChecked this place out again six months later and I still don't get the hype. I tried the cheesesteak and it was just okay. Better than Mr. Hero, and I do like the bread, but nothing I'd crave again. I opted for a chocolate chip cookie this time and it was basically like eating raw cookie dough, very under cooked and I wasn't a fan. Potato salad was just okay, definitely needs black pepper added to it.Food was okay, but I probably wouldn't go back again.
We came in on a Friday night around 7:30pm and although there was a Polka band, the place seemed kind of empty with just a few customers inside. Really enjoy the decor, it made the big space seem warm and gave off this old-world kitschy vibe. We were greeted right away by a friendly young server, but she disappeared for quite a while after dropping off the menus. We could see her on the other side of the room playing on her phone while taking her time cleaning off a table. We sat there so long other servers began to notice and I could see them staring while asking each other about our table. Finally an older woman came over to take out order which I greatly appreciated. I went with the Feast $18 (wienerschnitzel, pierogies, sausage with kraut, veggies, and garlic mashed potatoes). My date went with the chicken paprikash $16. We both got salads with our meals. Our original waitress showed back up with the entres and was more attentive after she saw someone else about to take over her table. Salads were nothing special. Seemed like it was mix that came out of a bag. My wienerschnitzel was large and pretty good (some gravy would have really made it tasty). I also enjoyed the pierogies with sauted onions (but this was missing the sour cream) and the half a sausage with kraut. Garlic mashed potatoes were just okay, I was not sure if they were real or just had that "sitting in a crockpot too long" taste to them. The mixed veggie side was definitely the kind from a frozen bag. The brownie dessert that was supposed to come with my meal never showed up. My date did not mind their dish, but I was not used to chicken paprikash being so red and having such a strong tomato flavor to it (seemed more like a spaghetti sauce). I guess there are different versions to everything, the kind I usually eat has cream in it and the sauce is more orange? colored.While the loud music did not help with conversation, the polka band did a pretty good job!I was really excited to finally check out Sterle's and I am glad I did, but my overall experience there was pretty mediocre. This might be a one and done kind of place for me which is unfortunate.
Randomly went here on a date. The guy turned out to be a douche canoe, but I have no regrets about eating the fried pickles! Really enjoyed the dill in the breading and that they were pickle spears and not chips. Beer wise, I'd definitely go with this Gorilla thing they had on tap, it was a great light and refreshing summer brew. I probably should have drank a lot more so I could have no recollection of this playa, but it's okay, I'll just eat my feelings later.The atmosphere was laid-back, staff was friendly and on top of things even though we came in right as a big rush hit. Prices seemed reasonable and there were other tasty sounding options on the menu. Overall I'd hit this place up again if in the neighborhood. They also have a location in Madison.
Search for something else. Close this page. Turn around now. Longhorn Steakhouse is not for you unless you like processed, overly salty, mediocre food. You ever do something you know you won't like but against your better judgement you do it anyway and then you're miserable? Well I am trying to save you from making the same mistake I did. I tried some of their appetizers and they were so gross I threw them away. I took my trash out tonight and I'm pretty sure if a raccoon got into the trash even it would be like "nope". So yeah, I'm not going to go into further detail. On the plus side the bartender was very personable when we picked up the order.
Alright, so I will admit that in the past I thought Whole Foods was some pretentious place only yuppies and hipsters shopped at, but then one opened up in my neighborhood and I stopped being such a sourpuss and decided to check it out. When you first walk in you definitely pick up the smell of old fancy cheese, and you might want to turn around once you see some of the prices, but I urge you to keep on walking right on up to the prepared foods section. There you will be delighted by the great tasty selection of warm and cold goods ready to get in your belly.Gooey mac & cheese, green bean casserole, pulled pork, ethnic dishes, roasted veggies, tons of salad toppings, it goes on and on! Just be careful or you will end up with a $17 to-go box. Plus you definitely want to save room for their delicious desserts! (Ooo and taste that cold Vegan General Tso's chicken, can't even tell it's not real chicken!)But besides the food, I give this place five stars because every employee I have encountered has been really freaking nice and friendly, and they seem genuine about it! A "hello" and smile go a long way. They don't seem like they mind checking the stock of an item, nor do they seem bothered if you happen to ask questions or take your time deciding what to get (go with the PB & J cupcake!). So yeah, you should check this place out! (But maybe wait until pay day).
It's Italian Chipotle! I was first introduced to this business when I was visiting my friend in Columbus. So glad they have locations in Cleveland now. Their pasta bowls are packed with enough food to share or to reheat for 2 more meals! Their lobster bisque soup is pretty tasty, so is the side of calamari with dipping sauce, oh and can't forget about their cheese sticks! (They used to have cheese, pepperoni, and artichoke, but looks like they did away with the artichoke.)
The first time I visited this place was during a bar crawl and thus I do not remember much besides the fact that the wrapped dates were delicious!Fast forward to tonight where I was invited to participate in a little social tasting discussion on their new cocktails from 5-7pm. I was nervous to go on my own, but the staff was friendly and interactive, and my fellow tasters were quite pleasant as well and easy to socialize with. (Although I have started to notice that all social foodie events tend to mostly be made up of women or couples).The night started with learning about and tasting all six new emulsive cocktails. I don't remember all of the names so I shall discuss them by their color:Dark brown- tasted like cherries and balsamic vinegar.Orange- made with carrots, tasted like perfume. Yellow?- tasted like apple/pumpkin pie. Pink- tasted fruity with a side of grass. Green- tasted like melons and black pepper. Tan- tasted sweet but finished spicy.We also sampled some flatbreads:BBQ Chicken- had a really good sauce. Vegan- actually surprised me that it tasted pretty good. Cheese was almost velvety. Prosciutto wrapped dates- sorry to say these ones were a little over cooked.Overall I had a really enjoyable time and even took home an order of the chicken nachos which was pretty tasty minus the soggy chips. (But that is because I stayed there talking for too long after they were ready to go). I definitely want to come back because I heard they bring all of their milkshakes out with a lit sparkler in it.
Alright, well this is embarrassing, but I'm going to be straight with you. It had been a very long time since my last pedicure so my feet were rough. Like, gotta wear socks to bed cause you don't want those puppies scratching on the sheets rough. So with this in mind I knew that I needed a legit place that would do excellent work, no dainty food rub for me, I needed an industrial strength sand grinder machine and lots of elbow grease. After doing some online research I came upon pretty good reviews for Magic City nails. Their Spa Pedicure included a callus treatment and was only $32.40. Plus they had an appointment available right after work for me. Now the lady who answered the phone that morning was not the most personable, but there was no turning back, this had to be done!So I arrive for my appointment and was taken to my pedicure station shortly after signing in. I was sat next to a friendly woman who is a regular to Magic City. She told me she has been coming here for years to get her feet and hands done, and I witnessed a very friendly rapport between her and the staff. Lots of laughs happening. My nail tech, Jenny (not her real name, she is Vietnamese and said it is just easier to have an American name at work), was quiet but nice. She saw the difficult task at hand and put in her best effort without a complaint. From the time I sat in that massage chair to the time I moved to the nail dryer station was about 40 minutes. Pretty decent time for a pedicure and Jenny did an awesome job smoothing out my feet! (She did forget about me at the dryer station, but I can't blame her, she needed to forget and recharge after The Sheena Foot Disaster of 2017).All in all, I would make this a regular place to visit. Affordable and they do a great job! I know other places that are fancier and more expensive, but honestly Magic City is a better bang for your buck. I also really enjoyed that I was able to sit peacefully without having a gabby nail tech trying to make forced conversation.
I'll finish this review later, but I want everyone to know that the Kitfo dish is beef tartare, AKA raw meat. The menu does not say this and the waiter did not mention it either even though he knew this was our first time eating Ethiopian food; I thought it was red because it had a lot of red spices in it! I brought the leftovers for lunch and had it sitting out on my desk all morning so we'll see if I die tonight. (I'll probably be fine, I've got an ironclad stomach, if not, someone needs to adopt my cat).I mean, my bad for not doing my research beforehand, some people do enjoy eating under-cooked meat, but maybe disclosing on the menu that your ground beef is not cooked would be helpful information for consumers? Maybe ask if/how I want the meat cooked?AHhhh I should have known by the mushy texture! Well, at least I'll die doing what I loved: eating.**Update:Chris R. from Bedford was unhappy with my review and sent me a message telling me to ask next time I'm at a restaurant if the meat in a dish is raw. I may be a bit rusty on my Ohio Uniform Food Safety Codes, but I'm pretty sure consumer advisories are required and must consist of a disclosure and a reminder if under-cooked food products will be served at a restaurant (check paragraph E of rule 3717-1-03.5 of the Administration Code). So that means the product needs to be fully described in the menu section and the health risks associated with consuming raw or under-cooked products needs to be listed as well. If Chris has further questions he can contact his local health department. (Nothing wrong with serving under-cooked products, just have to let people know so they can make an educated decision on whether to consume that dish or not.)
I've tried several things from different sushi rolls to the Singapore noodles, Pearl Platter (very greasy), fried calamari, and the curried chicken skewers (nice sweet peanut sauce). The food is definitely A-Okay, but nothing really to write home about (like I know I liked the sushi rolls that I have gotten, but I can't remember anything specific about them). Also, I've ordered everything through UberEats so I cannot comment what it's like to dine-in, but I will say that it's very thoughtful of them to include utensils, sauces, and even cookies with your take-out order. I will probably give them another try, they do have a huge menu and I have only sampled a small portion of it. That is all.
After checking out Brewnut's new space recently I was on a donuts kick and decided to pop into City Girl this weekend to see what they were all about. It's a nonchalant little space next to Danny Boy's and inside I would describe as clean industrial with a little feminine touch. So like simple, metal, white subway tiles, flowers, and some sayings framed on the walls. Staff appeared to be all older women (60's?) enjoying what they do and my wait in line was not too long. Donuts are $2.50 a piece and the special ones are $3. I purchased 3 donuts for $8. Firs things first, these yeast raised donuts are dense, I suppose I would describe them as the kind of bread that would be great for pulling apart and soaking up some hearty stew. Also, the dough is not that sweet. I prefer a light and airy texture but liked that the taste of the dough was simple. *Lemon Meringue - I got this one because it was the only special donut available. Not a fan. The lemon inside was extremely tart/sour. I tossed it after a couple exploratory bites. *Regular glazed - the best one I tried. Simple. Not overly sweet. Just a little too dense for me, I only ate the top half. *Strawberry with sprinkles - disappointed that you could barely pick up the strawberry flavor. It tasted plain. Overall, not a bad donut, but not a great one either. I think if they kicked up the flavor of their toppings it would balance out the dense simple dough more. If I get a strawberry glazed donut I want the glaze to taste like strawberries. Other Yelpers complained about a saturated peanut oil taste, I did not get that. These were not oily to me at all. Some also complained about size, the ones I got seemed like regular donut size. Not huge and not small. But I will have to agree with the complaints about pricing. Just because you're local doesn't mean you have to be expensive. If I'm paying $3 for a single donut it better be bigger than average and have outstanding flavor to it. I did want to say that I am annoyed by the quote from Barbara, the owner, on the website. She says "When I've tried donuts in cities like New York, Chicago, and Seattle, I've wondered why no one had captured that donut experience here in Cleveland". Girl, what are you talking about? We have plenty of donut shops here in Cleveland that provide a great experience for your mouth. You can check out Becker's, Jack Frost, Peace Love and Little Donuts, Spudnut's, or I prefer Brewnuts and Vegan Doughnut Co. What I am saying is that there are all kinds of different donut shops out there to satisfy your donut loving needs. So don't go saying Cleveland is missing something when what you brought to the table is lackluster.
A couple friends and I came here for a special wine and food pairing class ($27 including a processing fee) and I must say, we all really enjoyed the class! It was held in a room off to the side and each group had their own table set up and ready to go with several wine and food samples. Our instructor was very personable and did a pretty decent job of going through her slide show, explaining the different kinds of wine, and answering my random questions. As she talked we would try a wine and food pairing and discuss if the flavors brought out the best in each other (like pinot noir with a wild mushroom ravioli, or riesling with a grilled shrimp on a sliced cucumber with peach habanero preserves). At the end we got to do some experimenting and deciding on our own what cheeses would taste best with what wines. I didn't really care for most of the wine, but to be fair I prefer sweet reds or Moscato. I was also a bit disappointed that they get their grapes from California, but I was told this was due to timing (and familiarity with a business out there) and they might look around for grapes closer to home for the next batches. I did like the layout of this place, it's got that laid-back/stylish/industrial vibe to it and I could definitely see myself coming back to enjoy a wine slushie. Right down the road is a public parking lot and garage so a ton of parking you just have to have some quarters and walk 2 minutes.If they offer anymore classes (check their facebook page) I would highly recommend checking one out!
This place is tiny and I never knew it existed. You have to go down some steps between buildings to find it. Apparently it was an old bank vault. We sat at the counter and the sushi we got was really tasty, although a bit pricey. I would definitely go here again.
I really like the food here. The bacon wrapped scallops with veggies and spicy mashed sweet potatoes...Yum! The 32oz pina colada margarita is a must when on a crappy blind date!
What a delightful discovery! I'll be honest, at first I was a bit skeptical because the inside seemed like a hole in the wall place and the selection was mostly solid chocolates in Star Wars shapes, but let me tell you, appearances can be deceiving! While I am upset I did not buy more, I know that I would be in a sugar induced coma right now if I had! (I have no self-control, actually thinking about hiring someone to smack food out of my hands). The goods:Sponge Candy $1: It's like a sugary toffee that is light yet hard at the same time. A very unique scrumptious texture covered in milk chocolate. It's crisp yet melts in your mouth mmm. I inhaled it. Candied orange peel covered in dark chocolate .75: Okay, not bad at all. Biscoff Bar $2: Like a Twix bar, but better. My mouth is salivating right now thinking about this treat. The cookie inside is like this buttery tasty crispy yumminess and the caramel is so good that they have apparently won awards for it (that's what the lady said, or I could be making that up, I just ate all the chocolate and my brain is hazy on the details outside of yum). I was told the brownies $4 are pretty popular, but they were too big for me to try out. Half the size would be ideal especially since they have atypical ingredients inside them like mashed banana or cayenne pepper, and I wasn't sure on the texture (thick and chewy or fluffy cake like?).All in all I definitely suggest you give this place a try! I know I will be back! (But not for a while, I need to eat some salads before the diabeetus gets me).
Salted Caramel Truffle ice cream? Um yes. All of it. In my mouth. Now. Look, the corresponding picture to this review is a crappy one, but don't let that stop you from checking out what Fenik's has to offer! The salted caramel truffle is freaking delicious! It appears to be vanilla ice cream with gooey ribbons of caramel and chunks of chocolate throughout. I've gone twice in the last week to get a scoop (or two) of it! Oh, just remember they only take cash or check, no credit cards. So make sure you have $3.95 for that medium two scoop!
I love french onion soup, but I was really disappointed by what Nighttown offered. It tasted like bouillon cubes and I didn't finish it. This is all I had, so maybe I would go back and give Nighttown another shot with a different meal.
I do prefer not to go to chains, but sometimes it is the best option when you're looking for all you can eat shrimp, affordability, and to relive childhood memories. I have not been to a Red Lobster in many many years, but I was really craving some shrimp and they had their special going on so I was like "let's do this!"Roll up on a Sunday afternoon with a friend and we both got the all you can eat shrimp special for $17.99. With the meal you get a salad and a side. I went with a caesar salad and upgraded to the lobster mashed potatoes. Just a tip, ask for your dressing on the side, otherwise your salad is going to be saturated with dressing. Our waiter Tim brought us out some fresh cheddar bay biscuits. For the shrimp I tried the buttery scampi, the new Nashville hot, coconut shrimp bites, and the shrimp alfredo. The Nashville hot was really good - fried, with a spicy kick and a drizzle of sweet honey. The alfredo is a huge portion with a hint of garlic. They let you take home your leftovers which provided me with two more meals! Our waiter Tim was on top of his game. Pleasant and attentive. The manager even stopped by twice to check in on us which I thought was a nice touch. Overall it was a good gluttonous lunch with great service. The things is though, eating here gave me a wake up call. In looking back at the picture I took of my plate, everything is a variation of white/tan. No color. When I tracked what I ate in the MyFitnessPal app it came out to 3,535 calories (split over 3 meals and includes half a slice of chocolate cake). Like sweet baby Jesus! I do not regret coming here, but it will probably be my last visit. I don't mind being juicy, but as juicy as a gallon of milk is way too much. I need to stay home and eat broccoli.
I was running late to meet up with my friends so my time here was a bit faced paced, but I would love to go again and try a more causal experience. Gigi's is this a cozy chic space with a cool, relaxed, sophisticated atmosphere. Four of us ladies were there for a drink and bite to eat before a show in Coventry, but I also think Gigi's would be a perfect spot for a romantic date. For parking I did not see a lot, but you could definitely snag a spot out front or along the side street. I do not remember the full menu, but two of us got the famous bruschetta board $20 (roughly 10 different kinds to choose from!), one got a panini looking sandwich with side salad, and the other opted for a bowl of soup. We all enjoyed tasty cocktails, albeit they are a little pricey at $12. No issues with service. Super tiny bathroom though! I would come here again and I recommend you check it out!
Went here to buy a pair of hiking shoes. The lady who helped me was very friendly, patient, and knowledgeable. She explained the different types of hiking shoes and the special qualities that can come with some of them. I ended up with an ankle pair that is waterproof and something that I can grow with as I go from light to moderate hiking (paved trails to rocky trails). I spent $140 which is way more than I wanted to, but I am confident I will get my monies worth. I actually went for a good little hike in CVNP about 15 minutes after I bought these shoes and they definitely stood up to the test. My only suggestion would be to buy wool socks with your shoes so your feet don't get really sweaty.
Although I am not a fan of falafels I do enjoy other Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food and decided to give this place a try. I pulled into the Marcs plaza and easily found a close by parking spot. Once inside there was a short line of other patrons placing orders/waiting for food. When it came time for my turn to order the man at the counter was personable. I went with the Kafta Grill for $10.95. It has 3 formed meat chunks of a lamb and beef mixture that I found to be moist and seasoned just right (meat is made in-house). The meat comes with sauteed onions and green peppers on top of a pita slice with a creamy sauce and fresh parsley sprinkled on top. This platter also comes with fresh cut fries and at least a cup of hummus. The fries could have been cooked a minute longer, but that is just my personal preference for slightly crispy fries (any place with fresh cut fries gets points in my book!). The hummus is pretty simple but the garnish of whole chickpeas, parsley, and paprika really is pleasing to the eyes. I also got a big whole pita to tear up for my hummus and a side of tzatziki sauce to dip my fries in. For an after dinner treat I got one triangle of walnut baklava and one triangle of pistachio baklava at $1.25 each. The latter was not sweet in my opinion, more so it had a buttery nutty flavor to it. The walnut variety was sweeter and although I think it could use just a bit more sweetness (I like my baklava with noticeable syrup/honey), it was still good. *Disclaimer: I actually ate these in the car on my drive home so they were more like a pre-dinner treat instead. To sum it up, I think Falafel Xpress makes fresh, simple, tasty food that will definitely fill you up and still leave some for leftovers! Take a break from that Chipotle chain next door and get yourself a Gyro with that tasty tahini sauce on it! (Or whatever, I don't know what you like to eat).**Update, get the grape leaves! You get like 12 for $5 something, they have a nice subtle refreshing flavor to them (lemon?), and you kind of feel healthy eating them even though there's rice inside.
This place is only open from like 10-5 during the week so if you have a job you can't really make it there during those hours, BUT they will hold cupcakes for you during the week that you can pick up on a Saturday, which is great. The pros:They have tons of flavors, the cupcakes look amazing, they aren't huge which I like, and the staff is super friendly! Plus when I went in there was a little girl cupcake/tea-party/princess or something party which I thought was cute. The cons: Six regular sized cupcakes will cost you $15. Way too much frosting for my taste; I actually had to scrape some off, but some people like a cup of frosting on their cupcake. Also, even though we tried a variety of cupcakes, there was an overall disappointment. Wedding Day and Strawberry-Champagne were the best, the others I would not order again. (Pumpkin Chocolate Chip, Raspberry Lemonade, Lava S'mores, Strawberry Nutella). Just tasted eh. I've had my fair share of cupcakes in this town and still the best cupcakes I have ever had were from Cora Cupcakes in Painesville.
I've been to Zoup a couple of times now and I like it. Sometimes I crave a nice soup and sandwich especially in the winter time and Zoup is great for picking up a quick fix. I like their lobster bisque (mmm chunks of lobster), but the other day I had their fresh looking chunky tomato bisque with a pesto 3-cheese sandwich and oh my, it was really good! Just dunked that sandwich right up in that soup mmm. Not so much a fan of the rolls that come with the soup though. Maybe it's just the French roll that is lackluster, I will have to try the whole grain or sourdough in the future. Place is clean, no issue with the staff, you get to try as many soups as you want before you order which is nice. I was going to say that Zoup is a little pricey, but now that I think about it, $15 for a bowl of soup and full sandwich isn't that bad considering it is VERY filling. You can do one of their half sandwich and cup of soup deals if you have a lighter appetite/budget. Or if you're lucky you might find a coupon in the mail.
Really good food, but expensive in my opinion. We split the following...Braised Meatball w/ house made ricotta, rose veal sweetbreads, pork sausage & brioche bread.Stuffed Semolina Pasta perogi style w/ new potato, romanesco cauliflower, local goat's milk ricotta, garum, capers, prune, pecorino & brown butter.Crispy Chicken Wings Confit w/ roasted jalapeo, lemon juice, scallion & garlic.Buttered Popcorn Pot de Crme: caramel - sea salt.All delicious and I wish the portions were larger. I would definitely go here again!
Kelsey Elizabeth Cakes has opened their second location in Rocky River. I will admit that I was not that impressed with them the couple of times I tried their goods at the Avon Lake location (3 stars), but I must say I really enjoyed the French macarons ($2) I got last night. They were made perfectly! You crack the delicate crust and it's like biting into a a cloud of tastiness. I think two to three are a perfect amount to satisfy your taste buds. More than that and you risk overwhelming yourself with sugary sweets and it all blends together into a diabetic coma. I am also happy to report that their cupcakes ($2.50) have improved from the last time I had them (two years ago). They have started using real fruit instead of artificial gel in some of them and I think this really improves the look and taste. For example the strawberry cupcake I had involved a moist fluffy pink cake with pink frosting and you could definitely see that it was made with strawberries due to the little flecks of fruit and seed throughout the cupcake. They also have cookie sandwiches and cakes you can order. I'd suggest giving them a try if you're looking for a treat and have healthy blood sugar levels.
Sugar Bomb Confections is a pop up shop that I was first introduced to at Choktober Fest where I sampled some of their bacon marshmallow bark. I ran into them again at Beachland Ballroom event and just had to snag up a 5 pack of macarons. I started this review like a month ago, but put it on pause. I didn't want to be negative, but the macarons are terrible and I am still saddened about this. I got a box of 5 for $10 and they looked on the bigger side so I was very eager to go home and eat them. Not good. I took one bite and it was like a crunchy cookie. I desperately sampled all of the macarons hoping they were not all like this, but they were. I ended up just throwing them out, they were not edible. Way too hard, hollow inside the shell, and they crumbled into crunchy pieces like a biscotti. I contacted the owner and her professional customer service friendly response is what is causing me to give 3 stars. She apologized, refunded my money, and sent me a fresh new batch. At first I had thought that maybe the macarons were old and that is why they were so dry and hard, but the second batch was just as bad. Macarons are not an easy thing to perfect and Sugar Bomb's technique needs some tweaking.  Let me just explain, a perfect macaron has this smooth wafer thin egg-shell like outer crust that once bitten into cracks slightly exposing a moist inside with a buttercream, jam or ganache filling in the middle of the two equally sized shells. (The shell is so delicate that you could crack it between your fingers with just a little pressure). The filling reaches right to the edge of the shells and each bite (about 2-3 or 1 depending on how big your mouth is) should be a delicate blend of creamy, crispy, chewy and taste like the flavor is says it is. Simply a pleasure in both taste and texture. It's like heaven to my mouth when made correctly. If the shell is rough, hollow, breaks into a bunch of pieces or is dry, throw that crap away! You should never serve/sell a hard macaron that produces jagged rough bits as it breaks apart with one bite. This is not a crunchy treat! Ugh, sorry for my passionate rant, I just really like macarons so getting bad ones crushed my soul. The owner of Sugar Bomb is really great, I am sure her other goods are delicious so please do still give her a try, just do not get the macarons.
Not sure why I haven't checked this place out sooner! Called in and spoke with a foreign sounding man who was pleasant in taking my order and did not mind at all my substitutions. I went with the Meatloaf dinner, homefries, gravy, coleslaw, mixed veggies, and a role for $11. Once there I decided to add on a piece of baklava for $4. Plenty of parking since the place is located in a plaza, and apparently the inside has been recently remodeled, only slight negative is that I did not receive a greeting when I walked in. No hello, no smile, barely an acknowledgment of my existence. This was a bit off putting, but nothing to completely condemn them for.Back home I discover the shape of my meatloaf had that massed produced perfect look to it, but once I took a bite any doubts I had went out the window. The whole meal was tasty and made me feel like I was eating my family's comfort food (okay, not that great, but still satisfying). They did a pretty good job, even the coleslaw tasted fresh and was not drenched in dressing. Plus it was a good sized meal! I even had a little leftover to eat for breakfast the next morning. The baklava was a a nice portion, other places charge the same price for half the size! A bit too drenched in syrup, but a tasty dessert nonetheless. I'd definitely check out more meals from this place, besides the comfort food options they have some Greek/Mediterranean dishes that have me curious to try! Plus excellent prices!
Went here this past weekend when the weather was perfect for a lovely fall afternoon outside. We checked out the store inside first and picked up some green bean chips, an apple fritter, and apple cider that we enjoyed while sitting on a rock wall outside and taking in the beautiful fall scenery. I only give this place three stars because we did not stay too long because they were having a family event and it was getting pretty crowded. I would go back though maybe, and check out a hayride or the corn maze. Side note, don't get the pumpkin roll unless you want to be disappointed. They make theirs with an icing inside instead of cream cheese. Just way too sweet for my tastes.
With all of the options in or around Rocky River for tex-mex (Chipotle, Qdoba, Moe's, the soon to open Bomba Tacos), I just wasn't impressed with Fresco and probably won't make a second trip any time soon. Don't get me wrong, the food was okay, but I suppose I prefer food that tastes better than okay. I like the kind of food that makes you happy you have leftovers, the kind of food that you crave and think fondly of, the kind of food you tell your friends about. I didn't get that here.  Fresco takes over the short lived Mad Tex Burgers N' Mex in the Beachcliff plaza. Walking in you've got the standard set up and decor for fast casual dining. The place is new, clean, and the staff friendly, but unless you're talking to the manager don't expect them to know much about the menu as they are still learning it so be patient. Portion sizes and prices aren't bad, you're going to pay about $7 for a Chipotle sized burrito. They do have a salsa bar, but so does Moe's in North Olmsted. Now the food: I got the Fresco Burrito with the addition of sauteed peppers and onions. Although big, this burrito lacked flavor and left me disappointed. In addition to the rice, chicken, and sour cream, there was a very thin layer of refried beans, very little pico de gallo, MIA lettuce, MIA shredded cheese, and MIA queso fresco (those things might have been in there, but since I couldn't see them or taste them, I'm saying MIA), plus the burrito was so dry inside that I had to break open my burrito and add a couple 1.5oz containers of the fresh tasting salsa from the salsa bar. If you're getting this to-go, word of caution, they dump the chips on top of the burrito in the bag so good luck with that. I also sampled the Pulled Pork Tacos (3 for $8) which are labeled as award wining, but I didn't see any information on what award was won? The soft tacos were better than the burrito, but I wouldn't call the meat juicy or flavorful. In regards to the Fire Roasted Poblano & Jalapeno Bites (pretty much jalapeno poppers), they had a little kick and were good with the creamy cilantro sauce. You get 5 in an order for $6.All in all, I hate that I can't leave a better review for this family owned business, but the food was just basic and lackluster in my opinion. They are new so maybe I just came in on an off day so I might eventually try them again. Listen, I love food, and I have definitely eaten more than my fair share of dishes at hundreds of places, I just think there's a lot of competition out there with similar offerings and if I'm going to spend my money then I want something that stands apart from the rest and is full of flavor. Sorry, Fresco :(****UPDATEThe owner reached out to me in a private message that was very polite, addressed any issues I had, and offered to make up for a mistake in my meal (apparently I was given the wrong burrito). I greatly appreciate businesses that take the time to listen to customers and truly want them to have a great experience. Because of this I am raising my two star review to a three star and will definitely be back to give the food another shot (waiting a couple months so they can settle in a bit more).As for the award, they competed with over 25 restaurants at the Grill for Good in Kent in 2013, to win first place for their pulled pork, all the while raising over $10,000 for the Coleman Foundation, based in Kent. They got the same award in 2014 for their barbacoa.
Went on a date, a horrible awkward date, that I would wish to erase from my memory if it were not for the good food I encountered at The Woods. The decor is a bit odd, but it's comfortable place to meet up at. The staff is friendly as well so that always helps. First off, if you're on a date I suggest a place that serves wine. In my case, I wish I had had a whole bottle. Beforehand. The food:*Sausage Stuffed Peppers - Not hot as advertised but still tasty. You could probably chop it up, add some rice, and make stuffed pepper soup out of it. Or just throw it on top of rigatoni mmm. *Rigatoni Ala Vodka - The meat was spicy and the sauce a perfect mixture of tomatoes and cream. Definitely would get this again!*Chicken Parmigiana - Meh, nothing special. Don't forget a side of cheesy garlic bread to mop up all of the sauce. Also good for stuffing your mouth when you're trying to avoid conversing with your date.  I'll be back, but for take out, because I'd rather sit at home with my cat than go out with this dud again.
Went here with a couple friends for their retro Halloween movie weekend. The movies we saw were Nightmare on Elm Street 1&2, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and Creepshow. The cost is $9 per adult and you can't bring in any food or drink. When I used to go to Midway Drive-In admission was $20 a car load and for $5 you were permitted to bring in your own food, so Aut-O-Rama seems a little pricey. But, they have to know people still sneak in food so whatevs. We had no trouble finding a spot and were able to see the screen clearly. What was really great is that the sound was very clear and it seemed to be surround sound which was nice. Downside though is that this drive-in is located next to a highway and an active railroad track so expect to hear some loud interruptions... Choo! Choo! If you are going to eat there expect a wide variety of greasy fried food and candy. Also, long food lines out both doors. We did not experience too much traffic with the bathrooms though which was nice, but they are definitely dirty and not cleaned throughout the evening. So really, this should get a lower star rating, but I just love the drive-in concept. My friends and I were able to chat a little during the movies without disturbing anyone else, and there is just this pleasantness about curling up with blankets in the back of your vehicle while watching a movie outside that everyone needs to experience. Definitely a great date night idea! I mean, as long as you're not prone to messing your pants after eating the greasy fried food from the concession stand.
Came here on a date because I thought it would be a fun ice breaker to get a little messy, wear bibs, and have a hands on experience at dinner. We went with the "Ultimate Experience" ($46) and got the mild sauce, but even that has a little bit of a kick/heat. Very tasty though, could pick up butter, garlic, and some sweetness. Lots of food so definitely plenty for 2-3 people. There were some potatoes, corn, crawfish, shrimp, sausages, clams, crab, and a side of cajun calamari. My date barely ate anything and just stared at me like he was thinking about making a suit out of my skin, so yeah,  that was a bit awkward. We ended up splitting the bag into two for to-go and I just ate my dinner after my date in the comfort of my own home without scenes from the Silence of the Lambs movie playing in my head. Oh, and staff was friendly and attentive. There is public parking right around the corner, just make sure you have some quarters! Meters run 24/7. I would recommend checking this place out! (Ripping the crawfish apart was a bit disturbing, but whatevs, it was good).
Love this place. Taco Tuesday is great, with the duck and shrimp tacos being my favorite. The house fries and sauce are yummy. Staff is friendly.
I feel like three stars is an appropriate rating. Let me explain...Came here on a Wednesday evening with a group of nine. I started off at the bar with a friend and the young female bartender was so friendly that I tipped her without even had ordered anything. When we moved to our table the waitress there did not seem as pleasant, I'm not really sure what her issue was, but she did not give off the same genuine friendly vibe as her co-worker, instead she seemed a little displeased/annoyed with us?For atmosphere I really enjoy Astoria, big open space, with one side a market with some interesting items and the other side some cozy seating. You can shop for some unique goods or have a drink at the bar and people watch through the huge window. I also like how their menu changes frequently to keep the options fresh and creative. If they could expand their cocktail list I think that would be great. For food I got the:*Shrimp and Crab Bisque $7 - texture was thinner than I expected, more like a broth with a little cream in it. Taste was not bad, maybe just different than I am used to, I would probably not get this again. One dining companion really pleased with their soup. *Crispy Calamari and Grouper $12 - I enjoyed the 2 strips of fish, the calamari I kept getting the taste of salt. Would probably not get this again. *Pizza Prosciutto Crudo e Ruccola $14 - Looked amazing, but for me the taste did not match the looks, just meh and would not get again. I did get it for to-go, so not sure if that was the problem? Others who got this pizza seemed to like it. This place has gotten really good reviews so I was looking forward to trying it, but I suppose the best way for me to describe how I feel about the food is indifferent. It wasn't bad at all, but also not anything that I really enjoyed and would run back to get again. Nothing stood out to me as really tasty. However, everyone in our group did seem to have a good time and so I am not ready to throw in the towel on Astoria just yet. Their spaghetti and meatball dish looked really good and I'd like to check out their meat and cheese boards. I would visit there again and I do suggest you give them a try.
I had no idea this place was located next to La Plaza Supermarket and their fantastic tacos! I am a fan of Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food so I decided to check Ferris out one evening. This place is very unassuming, but I saw customers outside, inside, and customers picking up to-go orders so I say that is a good sign! The lady who helped me decide what to get was friendly and patient. Apparently the shawarma platters used to come with coleslaw, garlic paste, hot sauce, pickles, fries, and a meat roll, but I was told they no longer do the coleslaw since not many people ate it and instead just do double garlic paste. The kind lady behind the counter let me get hummus instead of double garlic paste and she let me get half beef and half chicken. Definitely appreciate a place that works with me on trying different things without having to order a bunch of meals! I also opted for a baklava roll and my bill came to $10.50. The platter is a pretty generous portion size, like pretty sure a whole basket of fries was included! They are of the frozen variety, but eh, still edible especially when dipped in that wonderful garlic paste mmm. I also really liked the meat roll, both the chicken and the beef. Nothing was dried up or over cooked at all, instead flavorful and tender. The hummus however, not so good. Tasted like a plain chickpea and I left it alone after a couple bites (definitely needs some more lemon or garlic or something to add flavor). That Baklava roll was pretty tasty though!Overall I would come here again. Not the healthiest of meals, but good and the price is right. Portion size is big and I have leftovers in my fridge.***Update, you can get coleslaw again, you just have to ask for it.
Went here with a large group. Tastings/tapas on the pricier side. Tried several things. Depending on what you get, you'd need 3 plates each to be full. More likely just a place for a drink and a snack before dinner elsewhere. Dcor is on the trendy industrial intimate side (wood, metal, exposed brick, soft lights). Server was excellent (knowledgeable and attentive). *Manchego cheese - Nothing special at all. Get the cheese from a grocery store and eat at home. *Smoked Beet Salad - Had a bite of this and thought the flavors worked really well together. *White Bean Puree $8 - The best thing I ate! Very good. Four points of toast is not enough though, and I ended up eating the puree with a spoon.  *Stuffed Dates $8 - Good, but expensive at $2 per little date (4 per order).*Calamari $10 - This was tasty, really enjoyed the coconut sauce. *Sweet Potato Croquette - Seemed plain to me. *Short Rib - Had a bite and thought the meat was cooked perfectly. *Angle food cake - Good/okay, but lacked enough sauce and fruit to make it great. Seems like they have some tempting sounding concoctions; but dishes are either excellent or completely fall short of expectations. Some plates were smaller portion sizes than others (and they were all already tapas sized). Menu has changed since my visit in September. I think if you  prepare yourself to spend money, eat several small plates, and are willing to gamble on what is going to be good, then this place will be satisfying. I would try it again, but am nowhere  near in a rush to get back.
Just as good as Slyman's. Cramped inside, but not a long wait. Got the reuben and so mad at myself for leaving my leftovers there.
I may or may not have been late to work because I just had to make a morning stop at Chik-fil-A...I have a thing for spicy fried chicken (I blame Popeye's), and this craving led to me searching the web for a place that services spicy fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches. Lord have mercy! I kid you not I went to Chick-fil-A THREE times in one week so I could get their Spicy Chicken Biscuit breakfast sandwich it was that good! Ask for a packet of honey and spread that all over your sandwich and you will be in heaven! You can get a combo meal with an OJ and a box of never ending round hash browns for under $6. Do it! Five stars because that sandwich is damn good and I've had no problem with the drive-thru service.
Woke up craving a chili cheese dog and lucky for me I had a willing partner to indulge on this delicious idea with me later that same evening. We showed up at Happy Dog a little after 5 and got ourselves a booth. This time around I enjoyed the atmosphere so much more because there was no band playing or crowd to fight through; I could actually talk to my date without yelling across the table! But, if we are going to be honest here there was not much talking, more so there was shoveling of hot dogs, tater tots topped with mac & cheese, and craft beers down our gullets. I keep messing up at this place because I want to try something different so I order this fancy concoction of a hot dog and immediately regret my choice. Thankfully my date got the chili cheese dog and offered to switch with me. So the lesson here, for me at least, is stick with what you know tastes good! No need to step outside the box and put craziness on a perfectly good all beef wiener. However I do recommend putting the mac & cheese on those tots, mmm so good. Our bill came to $25 for two hot dogs, two beers, and an order of tots and I have no complaints about the price. No issues with the staff either, they were all friendly and attentive. I would definitely come back.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! I'm giving Lilly's 5 stars because of the excellent customer service and for the fun Friday night tastings! The owner, Amanda, is always friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and energetic. The Friday night tastings range from beer samples with bakery samples from local business AND Lilly's chocolate samples, to wine samples with different cheeses and Lilly's chocolates. OMG I even went to one that had a pumpkin theme with different pumpkin beer floats paired with chocolates!I don't always love every drink and chocolate sample, but the fun is the experience sampling and being social with your friends! Although, they do have some good stuff there like these Amazeballs ($10 for 6) which are like a white powdered ball of creamy PB crunchy cookie deliciousness mmm...It's just a great place to hit up and you can always walk over to one of the fabulous restaurants in Tremont before or after (or just walk around the neighborhood and burn off some of that sugar!)
Stopped here around lunch time the other day for a co-workers birthday and I'll have to say Red Robin reminds me why I try to stay away from chain restaurants.  I decided to order the Prime Rib Dip and my co-workers got burgers and salads. The food seemed to take forever to come out, and when it finally did it was meh/okay - neither great nor terrible. If you order the fries make sure you get them crispy otherwise they come out like limp squishy sadness. I could describe the food in more detail but meh really sums it up the prime rib dip. Oh and make sure you get everything you ordered; I was supposed to get coleslaw with my meal but it never came even when I asked the waiter about it. Our server was okay, nice but not exceptionally personable or attentive as we had to ask for refills on our waters, extra napkins (am I the only person who uses more than one napkin?), there's that whole missing part of my meal thing, and overall the service was just slow. Again, this place isn't awful, but I have definitely experienced better. Probably won't be back any time soon.
Sometimes on a Saturday evening after a few drinks you just want a nice big, greasy, cheesy slice of pizza. At Edison's you can find just that, and if you're lucky, you'll find an empty bench close by to sit on and enjoy that hot fresh slice of goodness.
I like this place! I've been here for dates as well as to meet up with friends and I must say the food and beer has always been good. This place is located in a little plaza and doesn't seem very big, but there is actually plenty of room inside and a little patio in the back. As for service, hit or miss. Last time I was there the waitress was awful, but I've had good service before so hopefully she was just a fluke. Food wise I have really enjoyed the Ultimate Mess Pulled Pork Salad $9 and the Triple Pig $12. Both were very big portions! For beer I always suggest getting a flight of different ones to try out what the brewery has to offer, but I really enjoy the Kitka! It's a coconut chocolate milk stout and so delicious!Pretty sure you can also take like a beer class or something here and they help you make a batch of beer.
The Proper Pig was our choice for April's supper club event, and boy it did not disappoint! Thankfully I had contacted the owner in advance to discuss the details and let him know a group of ten was coming in, otherwise I don't think we would have gotten to taste that glorious BBQ! At 6:30 on a Wednesday evening they already had a long line and were sold out of a some major items! For us we did this special family style where Shane brought out a big tray of ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and turkey. We also got a tray of the fixin's like white bread, raw onion, and pickles to compliment our bbq (I used it all to make a sandwich). Oh and not to forget the sides of potato salad, coleslaw, and baked beans! We sat at the two long tables in the middle of the restaurant and our plates were thicker strips of paper and the silverware was plastic, but it all worked and was easy to clean up! On the tables were large shareable jars of sauce and rolls of paper for napkins. For drinks you got your own from a soda fountain, but I think they have beer as well. Food:Ribs were amazing! They had this great black pepper rub, but adding the bbq sauce really did it for me. There was definitely meat on the bone and it was cooked perfectly, nothing dry here! The brisket was delicious as well! Tender and a little moist with a lovely little layer of fat. The turkey and pulled pork were A-Okay, the later was just a little dry but the sauce and eating it sandwich style with coleslaw on top made it taste just fine for me. I did taste a bite of their sausage, it was spicy but a little too greasy for me. As for the sides, they were simple, nothing special, but I had no real complaints. I did like that the coleslaw was not in a bath of salad dressing. Ahhh and we got a little cup of banana pudding for dessert which I thought was a perfect finish to the meal!Overall I enjoyed what The Proper Pig had to offer and I will be returning! The stars of the show are definitely the meats, but I would not mind if they perked up the sides a little, maybe added some gooey mac & cheese and cornbread mmm. Shane really did an excellent job with our group especially considering they were so busy! Stop by early and give them a try!
I'd like to thank my fellow Yelper's for recommending this place. We had a craving for pizza so we drove 45 minutes each way to pick up some pies and I'll have to say there are no regrets. The pizza party at my house contained the following:*The Spinachi - Garlic butter sauce, sausage, spinach, sunflower seeds, cranberries, feta and asiago cheese. The garlic butter sauce really upped the tastiness of the crust. The cranberries added a nice sweetness and the sunflower seeds were a pleasant little crunch. All of the ingredients worked well in this pizza. *Philly Cheese Steak - My favorite! Alfredo sauce, swiss-american cheese, philly steak meat, onions, green peppers (left off the mushrooms). Such a tasty pizza! No wonder they won an award for it. *Supreme Pizza - Pretty standard toppings and taste. The crust was not as tasty as the specialty pizza's and I think it could have used a little more red sauce. A decent pizza, but no wow factor. The pizzas are on the fluffier side with a thick crust. Overall I prefer the specials over the regular pies and at $9.99 for a small, these pizzas are very affordable. If I was passing through Valley City I would definitely get pizzas from here again! My only little disappointment was that I tried to inquire more about the pizzas (ex are the ingredients local) from the young staff and they had absolutely no idea.
I'm not normally into popcorn but we stumbled upon this place while wandering around 5th Street Arcade. It's great that you can look through the glass windows and see them actually making the popcorn, but really it was the delicious smell that drew us in. The staff was friendly and offered up a lot of different flavors for us to try. The prices are reasonable too at $4 for a bag of gourmet popcorn and I ended up with a bag of raspberries & cream and a bag of the coconut curry. Loving the unique flavors and a handful is definitely enough to satisfy your craving without giving you a stomach ache. My only complaint is that it was hot in there, like I was sweating, but I guess they can't help it since they cook everything right there.
I saw a picture of their Friday fish fry dinner on FB and immediately wanted to get me some! I stopped by after work and since I got there before the fish fry started at 5:30pm I decided to sit at the bar and enjoy their happy hour menu while I waited. Select appetizers were half off so I got the flautas barbacoa ($3.25) and the goat cheese guac ($3.50). Both were pretty tasty, however I would not pay the full price for the guac unless the portion size was increased.   They also give you some chips and salsa (tasted a little hot/spicy to me) to snack on while you wait. Since I got my fish fry to-go and it arrived shortly after the appetizers did, they allowed me to box up the unfinished appetizers (I barely touched them). A young blonde waitress was pretty friendly and the old blonde one seemed pretty cranky. Atmosphere was pleasant and there seemed to be plenty of regulars inside. Now the star of the show, the fish fry! ($13). It came with two pieces of fish, chipotle tartar sauce, mac & cheese, cucumber and carrot slaw/salad, and Mexican grilled corn. YUM! The fish was fried perfectly, not too heavy on the batter. The slaw/salad was crisp and refreshing. The mac & cheese was gooey which was awesome. Overall just a very tasty experience and I must say better than the traditionally greasy fried everything fish dinner. I will definitely go back and grab this special while it lasts!
I just reviewed the West Park Y but since I go to this location as well I am going to review it too! This location is nice, I think they built it in 2006 so it's relatively modern, clean and spacious. My work-out buddy really likes their daycare here. Plenty of machines and equipment, and a big side room for group classes (and they have a lot of classes!). Some slights issues: This location is a pretty popular one; I was told their prime hours are M-TH 4pm-8pm. So it can be a bit loud and crowded and you might have to take turns on the machines. Also, at least three of the cardio machines are broken (media center doesn't work). Lastly, the sanitizing wipes for the machines have a weird smell to them. They have a pool, sauna, and basketball court, but I have not experienced those things yet.Overall, I don't mind this gym and take turns going here and to the West Park location.
I think River Dog Cafe is the perfect example as to why you should give a place a second try. My first time here I was meh about the food, second time around however I find myself much more pleased with everything! I've actually been back about half a dozen times I like it so much. Their hot dogs are nice and plump; I usually get the Adam Bomb with brisket and cheese sauce, but I ask them to remove the bacon and add coleslaw right on the dog. This makes it so much more tastier, so although a little messy, it's definitely worth it. The cheese seems different as well, or maybe since they don't use foil anymore to wrap up the to-go dogs there is no longer the problem of the cheese sticking to the foil. The fries are the same, still frozen, but made to look like fresh cut fries so they are the best of the frozen kind in my opinion. I really enjoy dipping them in the red pepper aioli. I did try the loaded fries with chili (meat sauce), cheese sauce and sour cream, but unfortunately I did not care for them. I still have a thing against their chili (meat sauce), it's just too sweet. The staff here are always pleasant, and for less than $10 you can get a big loaded hot dog with a side which is plenty enough to fill you up for hours. I would recommend River Dog Cafe! Next time I think I'll try a rootbeer float and their mac & cheese.
Went here with some fellow Yelpers after an event at Lago. I loved the ambiance inside and the lighting was really cool. I got the Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler with ice cream on top which was just okay. Actually for $8.50 I was a bit disappointed. I did sample some Proper Poutine from a friends plate and I thought this was a good appetizer, but who wouldn't enjoy fries covered in cheese and gravy?! Overall I think this place is pricey and would be best for just drinks.
Went here with some co-workers to celebrate the holidays and had a pretty good experience! They don't do hibachi in front of you on Mondays which we did not know, but since there was a large enough group the restaurant made an exception and set us up with a funny chef. Another thing that makes this place awesome is that they let me skip out on the rice and instead get more vegetables since I am trying to eat healthier. Overall, we all thought the food was tasty and will make this place our go-to for special work lunch outings.
Stopped by on a Saturday night and I'll have to say I like this place! The Stubby side is more like a neighborhood bar and was pretty busy and loud, the Corks side was more upscale looking (they had little slices of cucumber in the water!) and quiet. We went with the Corks side since it was not busy and seemed like a more intimate space great for conversing with your date. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and informative, giving some great suggestions for what to eat, and it was interesting to learn he had grown up in New Zealand. For the food we started with the Reuben Egg Rolls. Nothing spectacular, but they were good. Probably would have been a better presentation if they had cut the two rolls in half at an angle on a plate instead of serving two thick rolls in one of those Asian carryout containers that then get thrown away. On a higher note, I was really happy with the Elk Burger and rosemary fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and everything tasted great! My dining companion got this chicken dish in a lemon sauce with a heaping mound of mashed potatoes. They seemed to really like their dish as well. We shut the place down since we were there for four hours and were the last customers to leave, (they had to unlock the door for us to get out), but all of the staff were friendly and had no qualms about us enjoying our time there while they cleaned up. Oh and at one point we did move to the Stubby side where they were playing 90's music which I enjoyed trying to remember the lyrics to. Some side notes: you can find parking along the street or I think there is a lot around the corner. Also, be careful when you go to their website because my computer warned me that the site was hacked and a threat to visit the menu, (although that could have just been my computer hinting at me to stop eating out).Overall I would definitely recommend this place and if I ever happen to be in the area again I would likely stop by to try more of their offerings!
Wandered in here just to see what it was all about... blue grass music was playing and the place was empty besides the three workers. I was going to get a sandwich, but this place is pretty pricey! For a Deli they are charging $9 for just a sandwich which is ridiculous! I can think of five places off the top of my head where I can get a huge loaded sub for the same price or less. I decided to go with a small sampling (about 4oz each) of their Smokin' Chicken Salad and Grandma Willis Potato Salad. The chicken salad had bacon in it which always makes things taste better. The potato salad definitely tasted homemade and actually made me think of my grandma. These things were okay, but my stomach was a little upset after eating them, which may or may not be related to the food. The saving grace was my decision to get a pastry for breakfast the next day. I don't remember what this thing was called, but oh my, I would definitely get it again! It was like a strudel with light icing on top and filled with a delicious mixture of jam, raisins, and nuts. I had expected this thing to be dried up the next day, but it was still moist and flaky. For $2 it is definitely a deal as one piece could be shared by two people. Also tried a variety of the cupcakes. They weren't bad, they were the right size and had a good frosting to cake ratio, but I have had better. Just depends on how you like your cupcakes.I would check this place out again, but only for the bakery side. Mmm those strudel things!
The sushi was good, but I have had better.
I'm torn on the rating for my review. Let me explain...Al Pita takes over the Fresco Mexican restaurant space in Rocky River (this space seems to have a high turnover). Staff was pleasant and from talking to the owner I learned that he is Lebanese, his family runs Falafel Xpress in Lakewood, and he knows everyone in the Mediterranean restaurant business. He seemed excited and passionate about this new venture and explained that while there are a bunch of "fast casual" Mediterranean spots around town, he wanted his place to be more of a sit down experience. Since I had a guest visiting me for the weekend we decided to hit up Al Pita and get a sampling of their menu:*Kibbeh $8 - 3 pieces *Non-Vegetarian Grape Leaves $9 - dozen*Vegetarian Sampler $17 - regular hummus, baba, avocado hummus, falafel, taboulah*Mediterranean Mix Grill $26 - beef and chicken shawarma, half a chicken, rice, side. *Baklava $6 - two pieces*Knafa Mabromeh $5 Total $71Let's start with the good stuff. Right off the bat, the food smelled amazing! They also allowed me to do a special request for one of the sides which I really appreciate. The regular hummus is pretty good, as was the kibbeh which seemed to have some cinnamon in it? Taboulah was lemony and fresh.The half-chicken/Farroj was so juicy with lots of herbs/spices and some nice bits of crispy skin. The falafel is definitely crunchy, no worry about them getting soggy.  Baklava was A-Ok as well (still like my mom's the best though). Now time for the not so great. I could not taste garlic in the garlic paste/sauce. To me a good garlic paste has a nice bite to it, a little goes a long way to enhance your meal. This stuff was too bland, more like regular mayo. I also did not like the rice, it was cooked al dente, so too hard for me, but my dining companion didn't mind it. The grape leaves were disappointing since they had the hard rice and no flavor. The non-vegetarian version is supposed to have meat and tomatoes mixed in but I could not see or taste them. Neither of us thought the avocado hummus was anything special so just stick with the regular hummus. With the beef shawarma I had to spit out a couple of pieces because they were just chewy gristle. Lastly, the knafa was missing the sugar syrup that makes it a sweet dessert. So to wrap it up, Al Pita is a clean sit down restaurant with pleasant staff. They have some pretty good meal items and they have some items I would not order again. While prices are similar to The Fountain in Westlake, they are still higher than any fast casual Mediterranean/Middle Eastern place in the area which is somewhat deterring. I might get the mixed grill (mmm half chicken) one more time if I can do hummus and taboulah for my sides because overall those things were the tastiest, and with the portion size you can get at least two meals out of this dish (you better for $26), but other than that, I don't see myself going back to Al Pita. I get take-out more than I dine-in so them being a sit down restaurant gets no points from me. There are just too many tasty cheap places out there (Oasis, Dolce Wraps, Sittoo's, Ferris Deli, Boaz Cafe, Naf Naf Grill, Falafel Xpress, etc).I rate them 3.5 stars.
Went here tonight for a food date with fellow Yelper, Jason W (see his review for pics). If you're lucky to find some street parking that is great, otherwise plan to spend an extra $10 or so on parking. Once you come inside you will be hit with an almost overwhelming smell of meat, but you'll get accustomed to it and it fades after a while. The atmosphere is pretty chill, lots of people at the bar, long tables to share with other diners, and cool beer glasses with the B&B logo on them. Downside to this big space though is that it is very loud, so loud that we had to keep repeating ourselves because we couldn't hear what the other one was saying and we were only two feet apart. There are huge empty walls, maybe put up some sound absorbing panels or something?I started things off with a 4 beer sampler for $10. Samplers are always a great way to taste what a place has to offer without committing to a full glass just yet. Next up I ordered the Hand-Ground Burger which was pretty tasty and perfectly cooked. Although it's $12 for just the burger, which to me that is a little pricey. To go with my burger I got the Loaded Kennebec Fries for $12 and it's a big enough portion for sharing. Make sure you say loaded kennebec though, because apparently just saying kennebec means regular plain fries, which I don't understand because regular plain fries are usually just called fries? The loaded kennebec fries were tasty, but what wouldn't be tasty with cheese and pork belly on it?All in all, you'll spend a good buck coming here and paying for parking, but the prices are in-line with it being downtown and the food was good so you can't complain too much. The service is pretty standard and it is really loud inside, but I would recommend this as a place to try at least once; I would check it out again for sure.
Not much to say about Roxu since we used UberEats to order some sushi while playing trivia at SideQuest. We tried the Tiger, Philly, and Piggy rolls and we both enjoyed everything.My apologies, I know this review is really lame with its lack of details. I will have to stop into the restaurant sometime for a more involved experience to write about.
I think this place used to be called Digger's. Went here on a Friday night and enjoyed the fish special. I got the baked fish, my friend got the fried and we split. I thought the baked was better, but the fried was good as well. Nothing special or fancy, just a simple little restaurant/bar in Kent where one can go for a cheap decent meal. For one meal the bill was under $10 which is something I hardly see anymore up in Cleveland.
I had no idea this place existed until I went to one of those third Fridays events at 78th Street Studios (the theatre is located on the second floor of this big art and design complex). I signed up for their email list and was alerted to this quirky play called The Bigfoot Letters. Here are the details "when an Ohio woman accidentally hits Bigfoot with her pick-up truck and decides to raise its orphaned baby, her life is forever changed".A friend and I went on a Saturday night and it was cool to see that a wedding reception was happening in another part of the building. To get to the theatre we had to walk past some of the cool/unique art on the walls. Inside the threatre it's pretty toasty so I would not recommend wearing anything warm or you will definitely be sweating. They have some popcorn and drinks for purchase if you are so inclined. Seating is first come first serve, but we had no problem finding a good spot about 15-20 minutes before the show started. Tickets are also reasonably priced at $12, but it looks like other shows are $18. The show itself was not Playhouse Square quality, but's it's good entertaining community theatre and something different to do on a weekend. There were some good scenes and I think the actors were cast appropriately.  One of the best things were the reactions from the audience. There were a couple of people who kept having loud bursts of laughter and that was funnier that what happened in the show. Next up is this musical parody of Silence of the Lambs that involves singing sheep! Ha, I think it sounds like a good time! I would recommend a visit to Blank Canvas Theatre.***UpdateSilence! the musical was really good! Just like the movie but hilarious and crude, had everyone in laughs!
This place is great. I have been twice now and get the same things... lobster mac & cheese and the baked brie soooo good!
Good food? Great prices? Huge portions? Nuevo Acapulco is the answer! Whether you are looking to put yourself in a Mexican food coma or feed a small army on a budget, this place will  work and you won't be running for the toilet afterward. I've enjoyed everything I have tried from here so far: Chicken Taquitos, Poblano Rellenos, and Taco's Al Carbon. I mean, it's nothing fancy, they say they are authentic Mexican food (a little Americanization up in there still I think) and the inside has a ton of tropical birds decorating it, but I like it and apparently so does everyone else because there is always a wait when you want to dine in (and a fight for a parking space). So I suggest take out. That way you can sit at home and stuff your face without judgement.
The five stars is for the drinks alone. Ooooooohhhhh yes, go here if you want a tasty alcohol filled beverage to enjoy while unwinding after work or just because you like day drinking with friends. From the outside this place seemed a bit questionable, but once you get inside you will be glad you came. Neat Tiki themed decor and nice chill music playing overhead combined with some good drinks and the next thing you know you've been there for three hours! The bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, which great customer service always improves your experience somewhere. I highly recommend the Painkiller with Pusser's Rum, then for seconds try the Limon something (just ask for the Key Lime Pie in Your Mouth Drink), both are delicious and dangerous because you can't taste the alcohol, but you can enjoy that little plastic mermaid sunbathing on your lime. I thought the food was just eh, but I suppose something to go with your drinks is better than nothing.
I am so sad right now. I just had a really disappointing BBQ experience. :(Let's start with the good so I can ease you into the bad. Service at the carry-out counter is excellent. The pleasant young lady who helped me was honest and knowledgeable about the menu. Even the old man who came in to pick up his food was sweet and friendly when telling me about what to get. Also, If you sign up for their phone alerts you get 10% off your purchase. I went with the sampler platter which has ribs, brisket, pulled pork and two sides for $16.99. I opted for coleslaw, green beans, and added mac & cheese. The young lady who helped me tossed in some cornbread to try since it was my first time there. Fries were included by mistake. The sides come in 4oz containers, a little small, but no need to be glutenous. The green beans were nice and reminded me of something my grandma would make. The coleslaw was of the creamy kind and nice as well. The mac & cheese tasted like the melted butter you get with crab legs. It was a weird taste that I am still not sure if I liked or not. The little cornbread muffins were a let down because they were more dry muffin than cornbread. For the fries, I don't know if it was the processed frozen fry itself or the oil it was cooked in, but they did not taste good and I threw them away. None of the meat was juicy, tender, fall off the bone, or melt in your mouth. It was all dry, overcooked, and flavorless. The homemade BBQ sauce was good though and helped things a lot, but I still did not finish the meat nor kept it for leftovers. I don't know what happened here. When you walk in there are all of these plaques on the wall - awards and articles about how great the food is. The owner was even on Shark Tank for his deboning rib method. Maybe I just came in on an off day, maybe years ago the food was phenomenal, but it unfortunately is no longer. I would not go back and I would not recommend.
I've been in RR a year and a half now, but I just recently decided to see what the area had to offer for Chinese. I stopped by late on Sunday and the parking lot only had a few empty spaces. Once inside there was a constant stream of people picking up their take-out. Connie who works the front/bar area is well known by the customers and often had friendly greetings for them. After I ordered my wait time was about 15-20 minutes even with them being so busy. For food I got the Sesame Chicken $13 (rounding up here) turned into a combo dinner for an extra $6. This included wonton soup, one rib, one jumbo fried piece of shrimp, and one egg roll. I also got a side of the Crab Rangoons for $6, I think there were 8 of them. So my total came to $25. I thought this was a little pricey, but I ended up getting 3 meals out of it. Downside is that I felt meh about the food. When I think of Chinese food I think of the stuff that is so bad for you but oh so good. It's cheap and will make you feel bloated the next day, but you have no regrets. It's also a requirement that you eat this stuff in your sweatpants. King Wah seemed like it tried to be a little fancier but came up short. The chicken was not crispy fried chunks of tasty questionable mystery meat coated in delicious sauce, instead it barely had a bread coating on it, the chicken was all white meat, but way too many pieces contained that hard cartilage/stringy vein stuff that you're supposed to cut out and throw away. Plus it looked so sad drowning in all that sauce, luckily (sarcasm) though it had hard chunks of vegetables to cling to. The fried rice that came with it was sad and plain with just a few bits of egg mixed in. Nothing else. I did really like the bbq rib, and there was a tiny side of this pineapple sauce that I dipped my shrimp in that was tasty. The egg roll seemed to be of a decent size and the taste was standard. Wonton soup was okay as well. The crab rangoons though were a little plain, but you can never go that wrong with fried dough and cream cheese. Overall the food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't what I was expecting or craving. I guess I just prefer my Chinese take-out to have low standards. I shall continue my search!
I liked what I ordered at Fast Eddie's so I decided to check out their sister restaurant, Eddie's Pizza Cerino. This place is close to my work so it's was pretty convenient to stop here to pick up dinner on my way home. It's located in a newer looking plaza between Aldi's and Ruby Tuesday's. Plenty of parking. The inside is clean and has this upscale but still warm, Italian vibe. As for staff, one gentleman didn't seem to be very knowledgeable but on another occasion the woman who helped me was fantastic! Very friendly and experienced. -Italian Blue Smoke Pizza $12: 6 small slices that I thought were just okay. Other reviewers seem to find it pretty tasty.-Lemon Parmesan Chicken $14 - I did enjoy this, a nice light lemon and cream flavor, would have liked more sauce. However, I was disappointed it didn't include a small side salad (this seems to be something only old school mom and pop places do anymore). The lunch portion you only get one chicken breast but that is plenty and it includes a salad or soup for $11, a much better meal and deal in my opinion.  -Sausage Stuffed Peppers $8: This was very good! You get two but they are nice sized. Would have preferred a little more sauce, but I like that it came 2 slices of the house bread. -Junior's Spicy Calamari $11: Legit baby squid, none of that fake rubbery sliced stuff, and it comes with lemon to squeeze over it. I noticed a ton of peppers and onions though, at least an equal portion to the squid which should have been the star of the show. -Cookies 3 for $2.75: Lemon drop and what I think were nut horn cookies? A nice little after dinner treat. Supposedly made by a local baker, but they didn't know who.Overall I would go here again and I would recommend giving it at least one try. I know in the future I would ask for more sauce, but that is because I am a saucy kind of lady. I'd also probably go for the pasta and appetizers over the pizza, but that's just my personal preference.
So here is the down low, I am a first time home owner but I am not a handy woman, so when my a/c wasn't working right I had no clue what to do. I didn't even know where the filter was. I called around to a couple places and was met with businesses who made me feel like an inconvenience for asking questions or ones who wanted to charge me an extra $40 for them having to use a ladder. There was also a place with an F rating with the BBB. Least to say I was definitely not feeling comfortable with what I was finding. Then I got this advertisement in the mail for BTU Comfort Solutions. They were offering a cleaning or diagnostic service for $69 so I decided to give them a call and see if they were going to try and bamboozle me as well. I spoke with Ann who was immediately pleasant and friendly, she did not try and rush me off the phone, instead she patiently explained the services they offer, answered all of my questions, and even told me she'd have one of the service techs explain everything in detail to me since I confessed I was pretty ignorant about the a/c. Something else that was great? Their price was their price. They weren't going to charge me $95 for 30 minutes then $90 an hour after that like some other companies. There were no extra costs unless I needed products like more coolant (freon). They also had evening hours (5-7pm) and had a spot open for the very next day! Day of there was an issue with my appointment time being delayed due to a longer work time at the appointment before mine and a lack of communication between the tech, the office, and me. So I was a bit frustrated in being hot, sweaty, and not knowing what was going on. I got a hold of Peter, the owner, and he sincerely apologized and explained what had happened. This was a fluke and did not represent how they normally do their business. Christian, the tech, finally showed up and did a thorough job of checking out my a/c unit, showing me where the filter was, and explaining everything that he was doing. Turns out my circuit breaker was not switched on and that was the problem. (I know, I know, I feel silly, but in my defense how was I supposed to know the previous homeowners turned it off? I know, still not a good excuse...).Ann called me the next morning to further apologize and to offer me a comp towards a service if I still wanted one. I declined since everything worked out in the end and my a/c was just fine. I even told her that because of how they handled things I would be using their company again in the fall for a yearly check-up of my furnace. Mistakes happen, what was important to me was that BTU seemed to be genuine from the start. They recognized their error, they still had their tech check out my a/c unit even though it was getting pretty late, they sincerely apologized, they didn't charge me, staff was educated on the importance of communicating, and they even offered a comp towards a future service! Good job BTU! You're alright in my book.
Located in a strip mall. Manager is pleasant. Owners were working hard in the open kitchen during a light lunch rush. Decor is modern with several tables if you want to dine in. Pick Two $14 comes with 2 sides. Pick Three $16 comes with 2 sides. Each additional side is $2 and they come in 4oz? containers. They also have sandwich combos with one side or 1/2lbs of meat and 2 sides. I would say the portions sizes and prices are reasonable and roughly in-line with places like Mission BBQ, Proper Pig, and Woodstock. Pulled Pork - Excellent. Moist, tender and I enjoyed the BBQ sauce with it. Good even when reheated the next day! Beef Brisket - Moist and tender. Served in two long slices. Would have been great if it was not 2/3 fat. I mean, fat adds flavor, but this was just way too much. Just need to trim up their slices and it would be perfect. Ribs - Tender, pulled off the bone easily, but not my favorite. Kielbasa - Seemed okay, I don't care for kielbasa in general so no opinion on this. Burnt Ends - I was expecting burnt ends like how Oak and Embers serves them, these leaned more towards little chunks of jerky. Not bad, but I would not get them again. Coleslaw - Nice crunch. Has a taste of citrus to it. Really enjoyed this, and was disappointed that they only filled the container up half way. Bread Pudding - Really enjoyed this even without the raisins. Very tasty!Mac & Cheese - Great idea, not executed well enough though. It's saucy and has a crushed cracker topping but the cheese they use is bright orange and if I had to guess it's the kind you find in a bag at the convenience store that you pump into a tray for pretzels or nachos. Cheesy Grits - Okay, but unfortunately they used that fake cheese sauce again. Baked Beans - Not bad, but nothing special about these. BBQ Sauce - Regular or Spicy. Nothing too crazy so don't expect potent smokey, sweet, vinegar, whatever notes. It's pretty simple but works well! Cookie $1 - Normal sized and actually a really good chocolate chip cookie but super dry burnt ends that are baked into it did not work. Would not buy again unless they take out the burnt ends. I was torn between a 3 and 4 star rating for Ribsticks. The texture of their pulled pork and brisket is perfect, but there is not a lot of flavor to it so don't expect to see much of a rub or smoke ring on the meats. Just add some of their BBQ sauce though and you'll be fine. I was happy to see that they did not over price their sides and I really enjoyed the coleslaw and bread pudding a lot. If they could make their cheese sauce from scratch I think that would make their mac & cheese phenomenal. Kick up their baked beans a notch with some more flavor and they would be really great too. I was told they were working on making corn bread which is something I always love to see at BBQ places. Overall I think they have a pretty good start to things in the BBQ world. They are new so they do have some tweaking to do if they really want to rank high amongst their competitors, but I would definitely give them another try!
I had company over so I decided to pick up a nice sampling of Nate's Deli for us to try out. Staff was pleasant any my order was ready when I got there. Interior seemed like a cozy spot at a Mom & Pop type joint. Note that they are only open until 5pm. For food we got:*Combination Platter $16*Grilled Platter $17*Falafel Ball 65*Spinach Pie $1.75*kibbee Ball $2*Baklava $1.25 Honestly it was all just okay/mediocre. Not bad, but I've definitely had better. The kibbee ball and grape leaves were good, otherwise I don't get the hype surrounding this place. I didn't think the meats had much flavor to them and the falafel balls seemed very dry and overly fluffy inside. Hummus, baba ganoush, and baklava were all standard. Garlic sauce tasted like regular mayo. I actually felt really bad because my dining companion was so disappointed in the food. There were no seconds for us, we threw the leftovers in the trash. I am glad that I finally checked this place out, but I would probably not come here again. Cafe Falafel had really great veggie and grilled platters at lower prices. Oasis Cafe & Bakery is a hidden gem in Lakewood with delicious food all around. Ferris Deli has a great schwarma wrap and the garlic sauce is perfect to dip fries in. Falafel Express has a tasty kafta grill and staff is always nice. The Fountain Grill is good but pricey. Dolce Wraps is always a safe choice. Then for chains you have Aladdin's or Naf Naf Grill. I would go any of these places over Nate's Deli.
I've been craving a waffle for like eight months now and haven't been able to find one that satisfied my craving... until now! We called ahead to see what the hours were and the owner said they'd be closing between 7 and 8pm, but he stayed open until we could rush over there which was really nice of him. Once inside Tower City we couldn't find the stand right away, but another quick call to the owner and before we knew it, voil! delicious Belgian waffles for everyone! The owner was very friendly and readily provided information about his unique product. We both got a waffle with speculoos (cookie butter) drizzled over it with fresh cut strawberries, a big shot of whip cream, and a light dusting of powdered sugar. The waffles are made with dough instead of batter which gives them this nice crispy outside and a soft doughy inside. I've never had speculoos before, but this stuff is delicious! The strawberries added a nice fresh cut to the other toppings, and this waffle was just overall a very pleasing yummy treat!I didn't have a ruler with me, but I'd say the waffles are about 5x4 inches big and mine came to $9. I think this is a little pricey even for a fancy dessert waffle, but it's downtown Cleveland and the waffle was damn tasty. I would definitely recommend this place to others!
I'm not sure how to rate my visit to Citizen Pie...Pros:-If you're looking for a bite to eat, a quick drink, or to people watch it's a great place to chill before a show at Beachland Ballroom.-The pizza is tasty. We tried the special ($16) which was chicken sausage, sweet corn, cherry tomatoes, and jalapeno honey. Mmm very good. I don't like this particular crust, but my friend ate it up. -I want to try this chocolate dessert thing that they have. Neutral:-It's a serve yourself kind of place. Like you go up to the counter to order and pay. They hand you the goods. You get your own plates, silverware, napkins, and bus your own table. -It's a small space so probably not good for groups and the inside environment is most comfortable when it's not busy (no elbow to elbow seating for me!). Cons:-Either they don't have A/C or they don't use it. On a hot day with a hot oven they had the door open so it was pretty warm inside. This is especially not good on humid days. -I asked for water and they only offer bottled water $2 or sparkling water $3. No thanks, so I asked for a cup for water so I could use the tap and the guy looked at me like I was an alien speaking nonsense. Like dude, I'm not going to pollute the Earth with plastic bottles nor am I going to pay for water, I'm perfectly fine drinking city filtered tap water. So they gave me a tiny little 4oz glass to get water out of the bathroom sink.  -The prices are in line with the "we're cool and hip so we cost more" pricing system. (I need to wrap this up because my saltiness (due to dehydration) over that water situation is dripping (not enough to spill) into this review).I would go with a 3.5 but since we can't do half stars I will move it up to 4. Besides the awkward water conversation, the two guys working there were pleasant, the pizza was good, and its a great place to meet before a show. I think I am going to give them another try, I'll just have to bring my own glass to drink water out of. (See I don't have tasty pizza in my belly right now to balance out the cranky).
Not sure why I haven't checked this place out before, but I was mostly satisfied with what I got and will be back to try more! Here is the lowdown:Tavern Tater Tots ($10) - homemade round tots with an artichoke fondue. Not bad, but I was unimpressed as this dish seemed plain to me and I would probably not get it again. Blackened Shrimp Tacos ($12) - You get three in an order and they aren't very big, but they tasted good. Avocado Chicken Flatbread ($12) - They did a bad job of evenly putting the toppings on, but this was pretty tasty and I would definitely get it again. I got the food to-go so I can't really speak too much on this, but the place seemed clean and the bartender was friendly. There are some other tasty sounding items on the menu that I want to try, and the appetizers are all half off during happy hour so definitely a great deal if you are looking to try a couple things. I will be back!***UpdateI really like the french dip $13 with blistered asparagus instead of fries. The spinach and artichoke dip $10 with pita bread is great too.
I have gone twice now and I think this place is great. I have sat inside with the fireplace which was nice for a date, and I have sat outside on the patio during the summer. I have had...Grilled SalmonSpicy Banana PeppersChicken and WafflesAll very good and cannot wait to try more! Service was good as well.
This place is on rotation for lunch with my co-workers when we feel like dinning out. Take this review with a grain of salt because I always get the same things, but they are soooo good! The Baja Fish Tacos and the Chile Poblano Rellano. Both are pretty tasty and I am very happy to have leftovers. Prices aren't bad and the wait staff seem pleasant enough.
Went here last night for supper club and I enjoyed it! There were five of us and we easily split a bunch of appetizers then each got our own bowl of ramen. *On special Vietnamese sausage dumplings in a creamy corn sauce $8 - you get five in an order and I thought they were really good. *Crispy veggie dumpling $7 - nice if you're looking for something fried, but other than that not memorable. Again, five in an order. *On special spicy mango pork bao $7 - tasty and lots of meat! Two in an order so perfect for sharing. *On special kimchi balls $10 -  three in an order and you can pick a couple different varieties. Good, but they all seemed to taste the same. Reminded me of a large risotto ball. *Spicy miso ramen $12 (plus $1 for soy egg add on) - large bowl of soup with dense eggy noodles, fatty slice of pork, corn, bean sprouts instead of mushrooms, a soy soft boiled egg, and this spicy chili pepper broth that had my mouth on fire. It was good, I just struggled a bit with it. Everyone at the table actually got the same thing and it seemed like everyone enjoyed it. Has potential to make you sweat and make your nose run though! Some more details: street parking available. I think it is nice to see these once dilapidated buildings get a refreshing makeover. Along the same street you have Platform Brewery and Herb & Twine. Atmosphere inside is simple industrial but nice, however the lighting gets pretty dim in the evening so perfect spot if you want to look better to your date. Low lighting + alcohol = instant boost in attractiveness. Service. So our server technically did well - she did not neglect us, kept the water flowing, continuously cleared the table, separated the checks appropriately, but I would not describe her as a pleasant person. I'd say her personality towards our group was more that of a well seasoned server who had died inside over the years. No smile, no friendliness, not mean, but you could almost imagine she was hoping for your death when you asked her to switch out your water because there was something floating in the bottom of it. Overall our group had a really good time eating tasty food and chatting about all things. I can definitely see myself picking up a to-go order of soup this winter (just maybe not the spicy one again, I am weak). I suggest you give them a visit and experience Xinji for yourself!
If you like Aladdin's then you are going to like Boaz because it's the same company. The difference with Boaz is that it is fast causal, more like a Mediterranean Chipotle. You walk in order your food and pay, then if you got a create your own bowl you move to the side and pick what you want included. You can get your food to-go or they have tables for dining in. Staff is friendly and I parked in the school lot down the street so no issue with parking. *Vegan Combo $7.50 - You get hummus, baba, tabouli, grape leaves, and falafel. Great sampling of offered items! *Spicy Cauliflower $4.25 - Very tasty and saucy! *Kibbie $4.75 - Two kibbie with a tomato cucumber salad.*Bowl $6.50 - Rice, lettuce, veggies, meat, sauce, whatever you want. *Baklava $1 - StandardI'd say the prices are very affordable for some healthier eating on the go. Portion sizes are filling and taste is pretty good. If you are getting kibbie or falafel to-go, I would ask to have them wrapped up separately as they get mushy from the other items (I actually drained the juice out of my salad when I got home because there was just so much of it). I would definitely try them again!
Tonight's dinner? Chipotle Cheese Steak sub! First time here and I really have nothing bad to say about the place. I liked the flavors and any extra juice was soaked up by the soft bread, but not so much that it fell apart. I took one bite and couldn't stop until it was quickly eaten up! Only thing I don't understand is how they are a sandwich shop and don't have cheddar cheese? Regardless, I would eat here again. Bill came to $8 with a bag of kettle cooked jalapeno cheddar chips mmm.
Hands down one of the best fancy dinners I have ever had! Honestly the only other ones I can think of are L'Albatross and the 5 course chef's tasting at Dante. So what makes this place so great? First off their mission; instant points for being a place that helps formerly incarcerated persons by giving them a chance at a successful transition back into society by teaching them a skilled trade, offering support and guidance, and empowering them through passion for the hospitality industry. And let me tell you, these people are more than willing to serve you, to try and excel at what they are doing, and provide everyone with a great experience. It all started with my communications with the manager, Jordan, he was personable and more than accommodating when my supper club reservations kept increasing in size. Then there were our waiters, Matt and Robert, both played along with my feisty harassing of them and served our table of 17 with plenty of smiles and without any major issues. Next up, the food! I'll be real wit cha, I did not really care for the bread they serve but that is no biggie. But I was into the unique French dishes they provided which are perfect if your palette is open to exploring things like frog legs $15, escargot (a little earthy), and fois gras. They also have an excellent cheese selection and lobster bisque soup if you'd rather play things on the safe side. Next up are the main dishes, mmm I still think about that horseradish crusted salmon in a creamy cucumber sauce $28 mmm drooling... they also had this tasty beef and noodles dish, venison cooked perfectly (no chewy gamey meat here), a pretty scallops dish, and things get real fancy when you order a burger because they grind it up and fry it tableside! For dessert they offer bananas foster which they cook tableside as well, but this had a strong alcohol taste to it so I did not really care for it, but let me tell you, they make their drinks $11 deceivingly strong too and my silly mouthy side was in full force this night after just two tasty concoctions! (Disclaimer, I specifically asked for fruity sweet drinks, they definitely have the kind of cocktails that burn going down and pack a bunch if you're more into putting hair on your chest). Back to the desserts, they have apple torts and chocolate cakes and souffles, really there is something for everyone. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Edwins and it appeared the other 16 guests at my cozy table by the fireplace enjoyed their experience as well. Sure it's pricey, but so worth it, plus you're helping out a wonderful cause so don't act like you can't save up and splurge once in a while (start practicing your "Oh la la's"!). I will definitely come back here and I encourage everyone to make the trip and give them a try! (Oh and free valet parking!)
Came here back in the spring for just a random fancy night out and I still think about this delicious experience! Group of four. All got the chef's tasting of five plates. Server was amazing. Showed us the kitchen and the other restaurants connected to the building. Just all around a wonderful night out with great company, tasty food, and excellent service. I would definitely recommend!
Beachland is awesome for a concert or a burlesque show! I've been here several times and I've always enjoyed my experience especially so now that the road out front is finished! I've never had a problem finding close by parking on the street and staff has always been pleasant when I call in to order tickets for a show (cheaper than buying online). I have not been here for brunch, so I can't really speak too much on the bar food, but the bartenders are great! Last night my friends and I chatted with Mike and he introduced up to this delicious beer called Shiner Holiday Cheer mmm. Anyways, even though this place isn't sparkly brand new, it has tons of character and history! I definitely suggest checking out a show here!
I don't normally hit up a lot of chains, but Mr. Hero is local and so I figured I should finally check it out, (also they happened to be open on a Sunday night).Nope. Not a fan. Just a weird mediocre experience. (Weird because the kid who took my order giggled at me a lot.)I just don't get the appeal. Instead of a detailed review here are some descriptive words: humdrum, boring, dull, lifeless, bland, insipid, blah, banal.
I am going to start by saying that we were here for our August Supper Club event and with 16 people I think we overwhelmed this new little restaurant who has a max of 30 seats. There is a shared parking lot with India Garden, but I know several of us had to circle around for street parking or park a block or so away. Inside was pretty warm, but again I think this might have been related to 16 of us snug at a table and the open kitchen nearby cooking non-stop. I just fanned myself with their menu and was okay (also note that I am always hot so it was probably just me that was the problem). When we sat down we were given bowls of firm pita bread and oil (I did not have any so I cannot comment). For food we got a variety of dishes from pizza, to chicken parm, to gnocchi, to seafood stew, to veggie lasagna, to carbonara. Food did seem to take some extra time and came out scattered so some people were eating while others had to wait longer. I think this was due to our large group size and their small kitchen plus other diner's needed to be taken care of as well. I did not care for my dish, the penne carbonara. It was oily and had burnt pancetta. The last time I ordered this dish it was fettuccini carbonara from Mia Bella and it was creamy and delicious. I think I was just expecting something else and did not find what I was served to be that good. (Also, I forgot to ask so I cannot confirm if the pasta is store bought or homemade). I ended up dumping the broth from my friends seafood stew onto my pasta to make it taste better. I went home full but unsatisfied. Like if you're gonna eat something "bad" like a plate full of pasta, you want it to be worth it. Now, I do want to say that they other dishes I tried were great! The Cioppino (seafood stew) was very tasty, so was the Gnocchi al Ragu Bolognese. I also had a bite of the eggplant parm and enjoyed that as well. I really think I just ordered the wrong thing and would have been much happier with one of their other dishes. We ended our meal with a scoop of their lovely gelato. The brie and fig wasn't for me, but the strawberry and chocolate was good. They have other flavors like lemon cream, espresso, and speculoos (cookie). Lastly, I want to mention the staff, absolutely wonderful! From the owner/cook to the young servers, they were all pleasant and you could tell they tried their best and wanted to please you. Overall while I don't think this is the best place for large groups, I do think it is perfect for a date night or max party of four. Inside is cozy with some Italian decor and you can bring in your own alcohol. You could even pop in just for a scoop of gelato! Also, please don't be deterred by the carbonara, they had plenty of other dishes that were tasty. I am going to go with a 3.5 star rating for now, but I can definitely see myself upgrading the rating once I give this place a second try!
This pizza is pretty tasty! You've got to get the four corner deep dish pizza, it reminds me of my childhood and eating that crispy, slightly greasy, Pizza Hut pizza mmm. Just make sure you get a side of sauce to dip you slices into because you are dealing with a thicker crust here. I will definitely be back for the pizza, but I wouldn't recommend the wings. They are pretty small and average on taste.
If you are an elderly person who can only eat bland food, or if you lost all of your taste buds in a freak accident, or if you are sheltered and prefer to stick with the comfort of chain restaurants, then Old Carolina is for you!If you care at all about putting tasty flavorful food in your mouth then I have to recommend you go elsewhere for your BBQ needs. There are a ton of local places you can patronize like Proper Pig, Woodstock, Mabel's, Barabicu Smokehouse, Oak & Embers... heck you could even check out Mission BBQ if you want to stick with a chain. Okay, here is my experience: I think I went to Old Carolina once maybe ten years ago so when they opened up a location close to me I decided to give them a try. I stopped in on a Saturday evening and the place was pretty steady with customers. The young man at the register was friendly and helpful. My to-go order wait was not too long. I went with The Ultimate Sampler Combo which is a tasting of 5 meats, two sides, and one cornbread for $19.99, I also added two extra sides for $3.69. Not a bad price it seemed. I was looking forward to my meal and hoping it would be good so I could be lazy and not drive far the next time I wanted BBQ. But then I started eating the food and things took a turn for the disappointing. They were out of the brisket so I got extra ribs, no big deal it was late in the evening I understand stuff runs out. But the ribs were so dry! It was like they had been sitting in a warming tray for hours. Lots of dried up meat and hard bark that went in the trash. For sides, oh man, just everything was mediocre. Mac & cheese was bland, same with the boring mashed potatoes. The baked beans had flavor, but like eating a cup of chili with a ton of chili seasoning. Was not expecting that compared with everything else. The small cornbread muffin was nothing to write home about. Now I did like the variety of sauces, and the creamy coleslaw was standard but it did it's job. The pulled pork and pulled chicken were good if you ate them right away, just not that moist so when reheated they dried up. No complaints about the chicken wings. Nothing was terrible, but it was lackluster. I seriously contemplated throwing out my leftovers because the food was so meh it wasn't worth eating. But I thought I might have been too harsh so I had it all again the next day. Still mediocre. I don't know, everyone is different so maybe you will love this place, but I honestly think if you have ever experienced great BBQ you will be just as disappointed as me with Old Carolina.
I've been here twice now and both times the food was good, the atmosphere/experience has varied though. Let me explain...First time I came here it was on a Friday right after work, just me at the bar around 5:30pm. Everything was fine, I was just chilling and enjoying my happy hour drink (Cosmo $5, Blod Sangria $10) and some light bites (deviled egg $3 and bacon wrapped dates $10). Staff was personable and helpful with menu selections. BUT THEN 6pm rolled around and the place instantly filled up with well-off white guys over 45. There were some older ladies as well, but I was definitely the youngest person in there. It got incredibly loud, guys surrounded my bar stool like an old man wall between me and freedom. My plans to enjoy solo happy hour time were dashed by men talking about their kids names, Trump, and how they don't age. Dude, I have eyes, you've definitely aged. This place got so busy inside that the four people behind the bar could not keep up, men were loudly complaining about how they ordered a beer 10 minutes ago. I can't hate on them for complaining, I myself was a bit disgruntled that I was waiting so long for my to-go order (duck confit mac & cheese $18 - good but too fatty for me) and had to ask about it several times. It was ready, just no one had time to grab it and cash me out. So I sat and awkwardly waited, desperately texting my friends for some sort of reprieve from this loud-all up in my space-old man madness I was experiencing. I was finally able to escape! I broke through the wall of gray hair (they have money, they can afford hair plugs) and quickly went to my car where I immediately took a selfie to capture the look of repulsion on my face and shared it everyone. When life is crazy, make fun of it. Second visit I came on a Tuesday after work with a friend. Again around 5:30pm in the bar area. This time, while the place did become steady with patrons, it was still a good atmosphere where staff was able to pay attention to you and you could relax and chat with a friend without yelling or feeling like you were smashed in. There seemed to also be more of a mix of people, while not a lot of twenty somethings, it wasn't all geriatrics either. I enjoyed $2/$3 tacos with lettuce wraps for shells then my friend and I split a crme brle $9. So to sum it up, I enjoyed the food and you can get good deals on happy hour items or daily specials. Would recommend if you came with a friend during the week, but way too crazy otherwise unless maybe you sat in the dining room, in a corner, with a rope blocking off your table and brought your own waitstaff.
Went for a bike ride around Rocky River looking for a good place to eat when a couple told us about Herb's Tavern. It's a cute little place with a nice patio to sit out on during the summer. My friend and I both got cheeseburgers and split a side of fries. The burgers were nothing special, but I think that simplicity is what made them perfect; sometimes you just need a good greasy burger. The fries were okay, but they really need to change the name of them as they are currently on the menu as "Freedom Fries" which instantly made me cringe when I read it.
We went here for restaurant week and our experience was okay overall, nothing spectacular but not terrible. Our waiter was really great though and the restaurant week prices were perfect for sampling Chinato, $33 each of us for three courses. The goods...*Bread with olive oil - The bread was nothing special but the olive oil had great flavor.*Shaved Pork Salad with Butternut Squash, Arugula, Parmesan Smoked Potato Dressing - Could have used some black pepper, but it was tasty. *Roasted Cauliflower Soup - Large bowl of creamy soup that was tasty. *Roasted Half Chicken with Eggplant Fries - I really enjoyed this dish and there was enough of it that I had to get a to-go box. I think the sauce was a pesto one?*Market Fish with Grilled Polenta, Celery and Endive Salad - The fish was very bland with no flavor at all. *Beet and Goat Cheese Ravioli with Pecorino Cheese and Fresh Herbs - Smaller portion than the other dishes but the buttery/cheesy sauce was pretty good. *Hazelnut Chocolate Mousse Cake - Plain until you get to the center with hazelnut crisps. I wish there would have been more of those crisps! *Tiramisu - Nothing special. *Pistachio Cheesecake - We all agreed that this was the best dessert of the night. Not sure if I would come back, but glad I checked it out! The regular menu is a little pricey but might be a nice place for a date because of the romantic atmosphere.
Cafe Falafel has some of the best Middle Eastern food I have tried! I've stopped in twice now and would definitely go back again to get the Mixed Platter $14.99 and the Vegetarian Sampler $9.99. This place is located right by Fairview Hospital and in the evening the lot next to Cafe Falafel is open to the public so easy free parking! Inside is tiny but there are two tables crammed together and a couple stools if you want to eat in (no public restroom), but mostly it seems people get their items to-go with the typical 15-20 minute wait. Staff has been friendly and they seem to interact well with each other. -Mixed Platter: You get a mound of rice, 1 Tawook (chicken skewer), 1 Kabob (beef tenderloin skewer), 1 Kefta (ground beef with herbs & spices skewer), hummus, and salad (diced tomato, cucumber, onion, & herb mixture), soft pita bread, and a side of tahini (garlic sauce).-Vegetarian Sampler: A combination of hummus, baba ghanouj (eggplant dip), 4 falafel, salad (diced tomato, cucumber, onion, & herb mixture), and soft pita bread. The food is really tasty with the best falafel's I have had, plus great proportions! So why not five stars? Well there seems to be inconsistency with the cooking. First visit the owner cooked the meat to perfection, second visit another gentleman over cooked my chicken, under cooked the ground beef and forgot to give me the side of tahini. But like I said, I'm still going to go back and I would definitely recommend this place, just maybe tell them how you want the meat cooked and check your order before you leave.
I love this place! I would say the majority of things I have tasted here were pretty awesome. Love the guac with different kinds of chips. The Rum Glazed Cuban Pork and Braised Beef Ropa Vieja are excellent, also need to try the mojitos which are great and definitely affordable during Happy Hour. Only downside was that I thought the desserts were on the small side. Ahhh I almost forgot they had these delicious jalapeno ball things covered in honey for their special Mardi Gras menu. Soooo good!
Who needs human interaction when you have this delicious creation called a s'mores pizza? Seriously ya'll, with one bite I knew I had met the love of my life last night. Sad news is that I could not stop with one bite and devoured the whole thing. By. Myself.  I guess the good news is that we created a food baby who is due any time now. I discovered this place through Uber Eats and I really have nothing bad to say!* S'mores Pizza $7 - amazing! Still thinking about this. * Southwest Chicken Salad $8.50 - HUGE! And they let me add more veggies to it (cucumber and black olive) which I really appreciated. * Homemade Meatballs $7 - Tasty, moist, and topped with tomato sauce, fresh ricotta cheese, and basil. * Cheesy Garlic Bread sticks $6 - These were nothing special, but still good. I brought some of the bread sticks and meatballs into work and once I heated them up I had several coworkers asking me what that wonderful smell was!I would definitely order from here again!
I thought the ice cream was just okay, good for a hot sunny day, but nothing spectacular that I would go out of my way for. Hold on, don't grab your pitchforks and chase me down now, maybe I am just not an ice cream person and can't fully appreciate what Sweet Moses has to offer. They do have big portions that you can share and the decor is neat with a retro look. If they made hot blondie brownie sundaes I would be all over that. (Wink wink nudge nudge)
I'm writing my updated review immediately after picking up an order today because these guys are just that great. Staff is always so pleasant when I come in and when you talk to the owners you can tell they really delight in what they are doing, they care about their customers, and they genuinely want you to have a tasty food experience.Currently I'm shoving their mac & cheese special into my mouth between sentences. Seriously this isn't even what I originally ordered but it is soooooooo good! I had called today to get my regular taco meal, but when I got there I just could not resist the temptation of trying their mac & cheese special. I had only wanted to try a tiny sample, but they ended up making me a full order! Getting back to work I was like "okay, I can have just one bite then I'll put this away for dinner later". In reality I had one bite and could not stop! After taking a breath and realizing I ate 2/3 of this and my pants were about to split and I was about to slide under my desk in a delicious food coma, I stopped. I put the fork down, closed the lid, put it back in the bag and shoved it out of sight before the tasty carbs had a chance to completely take over my mind.Sweet baby Jesus I am going to end up on that show, "My 600lbs Life". But listen, it was good. Real good. A huge portion with their pulled pork on top. The pasta was gemelli in this creamy coat-your-insides cheese sauce. To me it tasted like there was fresh garlic and chopped fresh tomatoes hidden in this masterpiece. I'm struggling to keep my eyes open; the food coma is here! I have to go for a walk around the building so I'll wrap this review up. I 100% support this local restaurant and hope that they continue to succeed! For the lady who gave a 2 star review and said the food was bland, well, I think maybe you're just old and your taste buds have all died off. For the guy who gave 1 star because of the wait, well, it's a popular small restaurant, have some patience or order take-out next time. Okay, I might need help, someone roll me outside like Violet from Willy Wonka, please.
If you have a group of people and you're looking for something fun and unique to do then I highly suggest Cleveland Cycle Tours! We were celebrating a friends birthday so we decided to do the Ohio City Pub Crawl Tour (they also have a Tremont one). We met up at the garage on Columbus Rd where Forest City Brewery happens to be located as well, so we were able to have a pint before the show got on the road. When it was time we "biked" our way to Johnny Mango's, Nano Brew, and GLBC. This open air contraption is powered by the people on it pedaling, and the max speed is 8 MPH so it's a sweaty slow goings! But very fun as you can hook up your phone to their speaker and jam out to your favorite tunes, and they also let you bring aboard your own beer as long as it's not in glass containers. You get about 20-30 minutes at each stop which is plenty of time to stretch your legs and have a beer (or share a pitcher of margaritas!). For us the weather was great with some sunshine and a light breeze, and everyone we saw smiled enviously at the good time we were having! Our driver was Adam, who is the son of the owner, Mike, and I have nothing but nice things to say about these two! Very friendly and easy going people who truly want you to have a great time. Mike and his wife even gave a couple of us a lift to Edison's after the tour so we could get a slice of pizza for our drunken bellies! I want to say there were 14 of us on the party bike including the driver. Cost was $30 a person including tip ($350 for the tour). Time for us was about 3:30-5:30pm, but they have earlier and later tour times available. I would definitely do this again!!
***UpdateAngelo, sometimes your food is really good! That deep dish seafood pizza! Those plump wings covered in sauce! One time you messed up my order and delivered a corrected pizza to me even though I was outside your delivery zone (just barely outside). All great things, but then other times I get a pizza and it's a little lackluster and the wings are on the small side with little sauce. So I've gotta take away a star. Your food is generally good, but for the price I expect it to be awesome all of the time. I mean, I am still going to hit you up now and then, maybe it's my fault for putting you on a pedestal, but I think we need to just be friends for awhile, I need some time to think things over and see what other pizza pies are out there.
Gather round people, I've got a story to tell. First part: Hole-in-the-Wall Food. Second part: I'm Being Haunted by My Online Dates. Part 1.Parkview is a definitely hole-in-the-wall place with an outside that seems like it might be a bit sketchy and a dated inside full of locals singing Mariah Carey Christmas songs. BUT do not let this deter you! As long as you're not stuck up Parkview will greet you with character and a little dusty charm. We had our monthly supper club here the other night and our server, Debbie, did an excellent job of taking care of a group of ten. She kept my water filled, answered any questions I had, and no issue with the many checks. The food here comes from a partnership between Parkview favorites and creations from the owner/chef, Joe, of the now closed Chow Chow in Lakewood. I started off with sharing an order of the deep fried piergoies $7 accompanied by burnt onion dip. You get three large potato pierogies that are very tasty. Next up several of us ordered the fried chicken with mac & cheese and a side of coleslaw instead of french fries. I had the original from Chow Chow, and while this version was okay, it was not as good. They are no longer able to get affordable meaty chicken breasts so they now go with one thigh and two legs (I prefer white meat so this was a little disappointing). Batter is still hearty with a good crunch. The mac & cheese is different, not as smooth, more of a gritty texture (roux issue, heat issue, type of cheese issue, or done on purpose, no idea). Overall though for $11 it was a decent meal that won't break the bank. Those who ordered this had plenty of leftovers to take home. I also ordered the corn succotash with polenta cake $11 to-go and I am so glad I did! Like the pierogies this dish was just like the original and still just as satisfying. I can't wait to go home and eat it for dinner tonight! It's a heavy meal but they give you assorted pickled veggies which helps cut the fat. As for other items on the menu I would definitely come back to try the French dip $9 (always in search of the best one) and the friend goat cheese salad $9. I might stay away from the pulled pork dinner $11.50 though because it came out with the fries swimming in the pork juice which left them soggy. There was also some sadness over the fried cheese curds from Chow Chow not being on this new menu (bring back that smoked banana corn ice cream sandwich!).Overall I had a nice time in a chill environment surrounded by friends and I would come back for certain menu items. Plus Joe is a nice friendly guy so I have no problem supporting this local business. Part 2.Roughly 3 years ago I went on a date with this guy who called himself Jeff the Butcher (he liked fondling raw meat, jk). He's an attractive guy and in all honestly the date was good: some SideQuest trivia, a kiss, and plans to meet again. It was his negative drunken follow up call a couple days later that killed things. Don't randomly complain about friends/family and excessively curse at someone you just met.  Fast forward like a year and half later when I'm having a feisty Sunday with a friend at Banter and it turns out he is the cook there. Read that review for details. Present day Cleveland Supper Club is at Parkview. I notice this guy in the kitchen keeps looking at our table. I'm looking back wondering if this guy is familiar and who the heck is he? It's JEFF THE FREAKING BUTCHER. The kicker here is that the prior week Butcher man is showing Joe my yelp reviews. Moral of this story is that I eat out too much and I'm gonna die alone. On the bright side I live a fun successful life so sugar mama status is not far away. Soon I'll be able to afford Ral the handsome "handyman" so don't feel bad for me.
I, Sheena, have a macron addiction (that's mac-a-ron not mac-a-roon the latter is a completely different thing). It hurts my waistline and my pocketbook, but I just don't care because these things are like an orgasm for your mouth. Okay, maybe that is a bit much but whatevs, they're good. At my last count I had tried 80 flavors from a place on the east side, but I moved and subsequently was forced into rehab. Since then I have only dabbled in the occasional meh macaron, but upon discovering this place hidden in the 5th Street Arcade my hunger for this French treat is back in full force. Let me just explain, a perfect macaron has this smooth wafer thin egg-shell like outer crust that once bitten into cracks slightly exposing a moist inside with a buttercream, jam or ganache filling in the middle of the two equally sized shells. The filling reaches right to the edge of the shells and each bite (about 2-3 or 1 depending on how big your mouth is) should be a delicate blend of creamy, crispy, chewy and taste like the flavor is says it is. Simply a pleasure in both taste and texture.If the shell is rough, hollow, breaks into a bunch of pieces or is dry, throw that crap away! That is a stale macaron and it should be a crime to try and sell old macarons to people. But back to C'est Macaron, I've been three times now and I have not experienced a bad macaron yet. They make other pastries like fancy eclairs, chocolate framboise, and mango basil mousses but my focus is on the macarons. This place is located downtown, but so far I have been lucky to find free street parking; there are also parking lots/garages around that you could hit up. The macarons are $2 each but if you buy a dozen it's only $20, a deal you should definitely take advantage of!
If you're looking for something fun to do during the week I highly suggest coming to The Side Quest and participating in their Geeks Who Drink Trivia on Thursday nights!  I showed up a little early and the staff and fellow customers greeted me with warm and friendly attitudes! They also helped me figure out what the heck I was supposed to do to get in on this trivia action. I sat at the bar and ordered a Butter Beer (if you've read Harry Potter you have to try one!). This concoction was was sweet, but tasty and I enjoyed pretending I was a Muggle. Once my date arrived we played Pictionary and soon started to fret about how terribly bad we were at knowing facts! However, once the trivia started the whole bar was full of laughs and we were not alone with our terrible guesses. We ended up placing 14th out of 15 teams, but that is not last so I call it a win! I will definitely be back! Oh and side note: they don't serve food, but you can bring some in with you!
I know others be hatin' on Cibreo, but I've enjoyed my visits here. Most recently we stopped in before a show at Playhouse and grabbed two spots at the bar. They have happy hour from 3-6pm so we were able to grab some tasty calamari for $5.50 and a a strawberry collins cocktail for $5. I liked that the calamari came with this vinegar dipping sauce, since the dish was fried this worked even better than the typical aioli that you would get (vinegar helps cut the fatty taste). For main course I splurged and got the lobster pasta for $27.49. Definitely pricey, but it was a hearty dish and tasted good. My dining companion got a fish dish for the same price and they enjoyed their meal as well. You also get bread and spread to snack on. I think one thing that stood out to me was the service. Immediately upon our arrival at the bar the staff was on top of things and personable. This lasted our entire visit and I was happy to leave a nice tip. I would definitely come back here! I think happy hour is a great deal (plenty of options for around $5), staff is friendly, and it's close to the theatre. I'd like to check out their 2 for $40 on Monday's special. It does fill up fast though, so get their early or make reservations.
I could be wrong, but I think the last time I went to Taco Bell was in 1992. I have no idea what sort of demon possessed me and made me go here late Sunday night, but what in the heck. (Actually I stumbled across some food reviews on Youtube and those people made Taco Bell sound so good. THOSE PEOPLE WERE LIARS).Reasons for giving a cranky two stars:-I had to repeat my order several times in the drive through.-For this being fast food there was a really long wait for the people in front of me and for myself. -My shredded chicken burrito was a hot mess with a pile of guac on one end and barely any chicken. Also, that red sauce on the refried beans is atrocious. I mean, sure, Taco Bell is nice and cheap, but apparently if you are not drunk then the food is a regretful experience. I need to seek some spiritual counsel, going to Taco Bell has really made me question what I am doing with my life. I've strayed so far from the path and I am ashamed.
Went here for an oil change since I had a coupon. The shop was clean, the staff friendly, and the wait reasonable. Went back about a week or two later for new tires because I got another coupon (I like a good deal) and because of my good experience the first time. Again the shop was clean, staff friendly, and the wait was reasonable. At first they weren't going to honor their coupon for $10 off a service of $50 or more because they said buying new tires and installing them is not a service. But this exclusion is not written on the coupon so they acknowledged this and honored their coupon this time only. Working with a customer over a misunderstanding is something I definitely appreciate. My only suggestion is that they get some women's magazines for female customers to read while waiting.
This review is probably going to cause a riot because I really don't understand how there are so many glowing 5 star reviews. Or I am just being a curmudgeon today. Regardless, let's get down to business.The inside is clean and gives off this homey vibe (inviting and comfortable). The wait staff comes across as pleasant, polite, and attentive. This place is pretty new so there are some kinks to work out, for instance it took 3 bills before I was charged the correct amount, food quality needs to improve, and kitchen staff needs to be more mindful of mixing up orders.-BLT $6: This is made with a fried green tomato, but only one slice so I traded the side of fries for an extra fried green tomato slice. I did really enjoy this, but hope they make two slices of tomato a standard on future BLT sandwiches. -Veggie Plate $10: You get to pick any 3 sides and it comes with a mini corn bread muffin (meh okay). I chose coleslaw, the cajun corn and the mac & cheese. Very disappointing. The coleslaw is just the regular plain stuff, the cajun corn was so packed with salt that it was inedible, the mac & cheese is like the dried noodle/curdled cheese, lackluster stuff you find at the bottom of a crock pot at a family picnic you didn't want to be at. -Fried Chicken Wings $?: These still had a lot of of feather bits on them and the meat was still pink inside. No thank you. (I don't even know how they ended up in my order.)-Bread Pudding $4: (Initially missing from my order.) This was not bad at all and they give you a pretty decent sized portion so it is perfect to split if you don't want to go into a carb induced coma. Overall I'd give this place 2.5 stars. They seem like they have some potential but like the rating states: "Meh. I've experienced better." I'd give them another shot in a couple months and update my review accordingly. Please don't send me hate mail.
I had a friend visiting from out of state and wanted to treat her to some great Cleveland restaurants so imagine my embarrassment and disappointment when we  ended up spending FOUR hours at Momocho's mostly waiting for food and drinks. I realize that it was a Friday evening and this place is popular, but the five of us decided the over an hour wait for a table would still be worth it. We got our drinks right away from the bar, but our guac sampler took an hour to come out then it took another hour plus to get our entrees after we were finally at a table and able to order. The sky started out nice and sunny but by the time we got to eat it was completely dark and since we were seated on the patio we were being attacked by bugs. Everyone was cranky and lost their appetites so we ended up taking most of the food home. The excuse the waiter had was that they only had two cooks in the kitchen. Um hello! If you know you're a busy establishment on the weekends then you should hire some more stinking help! Or at the very least offer some free salsa or drinks for the unacceptable wait your patrons put up with or don't seat more than you can appropriately accommodate! Were they flying the fish in from Hawaii?! Were they waiting on the avocados to ripen?!Some restaurants are well worth the wait for a table because you know you will be well taken care of and enjoy an amazing meal during a reasonable time frame, Momocho's is not one of those places. Instead this place is better reserved for visits at 4pm during the week. I would avoid anything after 5:30pm and weekends altogether. I have never walked out of a restaurant before, but I most certainly wish I would have at Momocho's. Furthermore, why can we not split a check for only five people? Why is 20% gratuity automatically taken out for five people? Usually this practice is reserved for large parties. If you had high quality business practices and excellent service there would be no worry for tips and no need to force gratuity.
I hit this place up at the Fairview Park Food Truck Festival (if you're following my reviews you'll know I've got a resistance problem because this was my third food truck stop that day). First thing I encountered was a personable staff member who commented on my name and my pink flamingo shorts. Thanks, I like them both as well! I decided to go with The Big Wet One which will cost you $9. It comes with chicken (no choice of meat on this visit), black beans, rice, pico de gallo, shredded cheese, and sriracha sour cream. Then it's supposed to be deep fried, but I guess they weren't doing that on this visit. On top you get melted white queso and salsa (I went with a mild green salsa). My toppings came in containers since I got my burrito to go. My findings: this is a big burrito, I even split mine in two, but I was up for the challenge! The taste was okay/good, however a little on the plain (safe?) side. Instead of dumping the queso and salsa on top of the burrito I think it was best put to use inside the burrito to help add some needed sauce/moistness to it (wet this burrito was not). I actually wish there had been more of both or more sriracha sour cream inside. I did not see any shredded cheese inside the burrito nor did I taste any cilantro-lime on the rice nor garlic-jalapeno flavors on the grilled chicken. Speaking of chicken, it was tender, but could have been trimmed better as a couple of times I had to spit out cartilage. I was really looking forward to Boca Loca, but I found my experience did not match up with the hype. Maybe they scale things down for big festivals so they can better serve the masses? Or maybe at my old age my taste buds have mostly died off? Don't get me wrong the burrito was okay/good, but I thought it was a little too simple and lacking in flavor. I'd probably try another item off the menu, but I'll definitely lower my expectations next time.
So I fist visited this museum back in like fourth grade for a field trip. I went again last year for a date and I am pretty sure nothing changed in all of those years...However! I stumbled upon a notice for a comedy event there last Friday and decided to give the Natural History Museum another go and I am so glad I did! I walked in to find they had a cash bar that night so I grabbed myself a beer and made my way over to the make your own snack bar and proceeded to fill up a little bag with chocolates, nuts, and pretzels. From there I checked out their new exhibit called Nature's Mating Games which was pretty interesting. Last up for the night was the comedy show with the theme being awkward dating moments. There were four comics and they were hilarious!I would love to see more events like this put on at the museum!
Apparently I'm Polish and had no idea. I grew up eating cabbage & noodles, stuffed cabbage, and pierogies! The Little Polish Diner is small and nothing fancy by any means, don't expect a ton of flavors, but to me it is quintessential comfort food. It tastes good and fills you up, perfect to eat before taking naps on Sundays. *Chicken Paprikash $9.99 (on Saturdays only)*Cheese Blintz (optional strawberry topping) $2.75*Cabbage and Noodles $3-$4?*Cucumber Salad $1.95*Sweet Cheese, Sauerkraut, Potato-Cheddar Pierogies meal $7.75*Tour of Poland (Sausage & Kraut, Stuffed Cabbage, 2 Pierogies, Green Beans, Roll) $11.25*Pyzy (meat stuffed dumplings) meal $9.25The pierogies are on the smaller side, but they are served with buttery fried onions and a side of sour cream, mmm tasty. The cucumber salad is refreshing and perfectly accompanies the carb loaded meals. Chicken Paprikash is one of my favorite dishes and they do it right here! Everything is simple, but made well, you can definitely imagine your grandma in the kitchen. I will be stopping here again!Just note that the $2 off Yelp check in offer is no longer being recognized. This needs to be removed from Yelp.
I like Joe's Deli. I have been here several times now and no real complaints. A tip would be to arrive before 5:30pm if you want to dine-in, otherwise this place gets busy fast and you will have to wait with a small crowd. Also, keep your eyes closed until you get to your table, if not, you will see their huge case full of cakes and delicious baked goods that will tempt you into adding an unexpected 1,000 calories to your night. Staff is A-Okay, I think they try their best even when it gets crazy busy. Food is good too. Nothing smack-you-momma spectacular, but always satisfying. It's like simple, fresh deli food with some Mediterranean dishes mixed in. I've had their Mediterranean Platter (with Tabbouleh, Hommus and Baba Ganooj), the California Chicken Club, and their Tuna Melt. My friend got one of their salads and it was huge and looked delicious. I also like that they let me swap out the french fries for coleslaw. I will continue to stop in every once in a while and I suggest you give it a try as well (especially if your grandparents are visiting, old people love this place!)
Oh Don, we need to talk about this Lighthouse restaurant of yours...Decor was fine, sat in a booth by the bar, so more of a chill-smoke a cigar-have a bourbon-bulky-dim atmosphere. The waitress was nice, although she could have come around more often towards the end of the meal. The food though, eh. A big EHHHHH. Pros:Fat Heads Bumbleberry Beer.Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Very tasty, sad I had to share. Not fishy nor full of breading.Cons:Bread for the table - Not warm, hard crust, not my mouth's idea of a good time.Fishmarket Salad - Disgusting. Tasted like I was eating Miracle Whip. Crab Mac & Cheese - Disappointing. Bland and flavorless.
Went here for an after work event and went on a little tour. Definitely enjoyed the Botanical Gardens and will be back!
Finally stopped in one night with a friend before a Broadway show at Playhouse Square and this place was hoppin! We were able to snag one of the last available seats in the side room at the front where we were attended to by a prompt and friendly waitress. We each got a glass of wine and shared some snacks/small plates in chill yet classy environment. The front room has a huge window so it's also a good spot if you just want to relax, have a drink, and people watch. There was a slight hiccup, my friend paid the bill and I offered to leave the cash tip, but I mistakenly left too little and didn't realize it until we were sitting at Connor Palace. Luckily Bin 216 is open until 11pm so we were able to run back over once our show was done and set things right with the tipping. This also allowed for my friend to have another drink and for me to get some food to go! As for food:Devil's on Horseback $6Hanky Panky's $5Seafood Risotto $15Lobster Nachos $15If you are familiar with Hodge's then you know the first two items are on their menu as well; both tasty snacks and I could eat a dozen of each! The risotto grew on me with each bite and as for the nachos, those were good, but disappointed the sauce was sitting in a pool on the bottom of the plate instead of all over the wonton chips. Overall, I would definitely come here again! I like the atmosphere, it's right next door to the theatre, plenty of parking garages/lots, good service, and good food. Now pricing is not cheap, but it's reasonable for downtown. Also these are small plates so you might have to get a couple dishes if you're really hungry, otherwise share away!
Straight up, I am not typically a donut person, but I'm down for anything that tastes good and I like trying things so early one morning I picked up a dozen of these babies and took them into work. When I walked into the store it was smokey and smelled like perhaps something had burned. The dcor was hippy and laid back with a bunch of tie-dye stuff. I noticed only one other customer. A dozen of the fancy little donuts will set you back $14.75 and per the staff everything is made from prepackaged ingredients ("it all comes out of a can or bag"). They start off with a plain donut and dip it into the frosting and add toppings right there in front of you; not a long wait, but without having time to set, some of your toppings will drip/fall to the bottom of the box. At work we cut the baby donuts in half to allow for more trying of different flavors. The base is a fried donut that had a crispy texture for some and a softer cake like one one for others. This tells me there is an inconstancy in the cooking process. Some tasted like Hostess's Mini Crullers and others tasted like slightly dry yellow cake. Toppings wise - I mean, you're dealing with artificial flavors, I don't know what you want me to tell you. Raspberry icing tasted like raspberries the best it could, the chocolate curls were nice and so was the chopped bacon. The chocolate sauce on the Samoa was disgusting. Pretzels on the Salted Caramel were stale. I personally got 3 bites out of a half, but I could definitely see how you could devour a whole one in two bites. Pricing is a bit high considering a dozen regular sized Jack Frost Donuts is only $10.95. Also, it's the same base donut, the only variety you get is with the different toppings. Overall, my co-workers said they liked the donuts, but most of them were one and done (2 halves). I didn't really care for these at all and have definitely had better donuts. Just seems like the focus is more on selling a groovy gimmick than a tasty well-made product.
I have never been to a Planet Fitness before, but I was thinking about joining since my friend goes to one and we could workout together (yay workout buddies!). Besides, only $10 a month? I could definitely do that and not feel bad when I don't go (let's be real, some of us like to hibernate in the winter). So I decide to join my friend one night for a trial visit. You know check out the gym: get info from the staff, try the machines, see if it's a place I'd like to sign up for a membership. We walk in one night around 6:30ish, immediately I notice that there are dozens of pizza boxes sitting out. Um wtf is pizza doing at a gym? Apparently it was member appreciation pizza party night or something, I don't understand this, but whatever. So we go up to the counter and my friend is like "hey I'm a member and I have a friend who would like to try out the gym before signing up". Reception desk girl is like "do you have the upgraded membership where you can bring a guest? No? Okay, then it's $20 for a day pass."UMMMM what kind of bad business is this? It's night time and I am clearly out of shape, at the max I will be here an hour and you want to charge me $20 to try your gym? Memberships start at $10! This makes absolutely no sense! Now I am no gym rat by any means, but the couple I have joined over the years always had trial periods for free. They were more than happy to show you around and let you workout. And guess what? Every single time I signed that year long contract! So a big "Hella No" happen and we left. The YMCA now has my money. I don't care about unnecessary frills like cancer causing tanning beds, cheap pizza, or alarms that go off if you grunt too hard lifting weights. I care about customer service and good business practices. The YMCA has that. They also have swimming pools, basketball courts, tvs in the cardio machines, free wifi, a variety of classes you can take, and I checked this all out for FREE before signing up. So I say bypass Planet Fitness, spend the extra money to join the Y where the focus truly is about the community and building healthier happier you. (After reading some other reviews, I'd like to add that the Y does not mistakenly put extra charges on your credit card like Planet Fitness).Listen, I'm not some cheap jerk, I would not have minded spending $5 to try them out. That's reasonable. And yeah my bad for not checking their website, but $20 was not expected at all especially when my friend has had joined Planet Fitness in different cities/states in the past and never had to pay anything for her first visit.
The Saffron Patch is just like others have described; a little hard to locate, friendly staff, and average food. My GPS took me to an entrance right behind a gas station, you can follow this up around and down so that you can park in spaces by the first floor where the restaurant is located. Or you can park in a parking deck and just walk down some stairs once inside. The restaurant is clean and tidy, but not much in terms of decor. Restrooms are located outside the restaurant in the main hall area. We had a young man wait on us and I thought he was friendly and attentive, I never had to call him over for anything. And while he seemed a little nervous he was pleasant. For food I got the Chicken Tikka Masala with spice level 1. This was pretty bland compared to other places I have been to. Just because a dish does not have heat, does not mean that it should lack flavor as well. Portion size wise, I would say you could eat this all in one sitting, do not expect to have leftovers unless you got appetizers with your meal. My date got the Lamb Biyani with a spice level of 3. This was a much bigger portion and you could definitely tell it had a kick to it. A side of Garlic Naan was nothing special. Overall, It was okay, I probably would not go back, but that is because I live closer to India Garden and Namaste which I really enjoy.
Are you looking for a hot mess Sunday full of good food, drink, and shenanigans? Then Banter is your place! I stopped by with a friend on a Sunday afternoon after a workout and we enjoyed their fried chicken sausage sandwich and their chicken paprikash poutine (just be aware that they salt everything so if you don't want salt on your fries or cheese curds tell them when you place your order). We also enjoyed their beer and wine selection. How was this a hot mess? A random guy sat next to me at the bar and started chatting with me, turns out he is the brother of someone I know. Next up some friendly people from Memphis and Greenhouse Tavern showed up and shared their three bottles of wine with us. Dropping of glasses, beard inquires, harassment of staff, and awkward compliments to other patrons may have then transpired. The kicker was when one of the cooks told me we went on an OkCupid date together about 1 1/2 - 2 years ago. It was not the greatest of dates and once the realization hit me I immediately ran out. I will definitely be back because the food was good, the atmosphere friendly, and the other customers a riot, but probably not on a weekend when Jeff is working, well, unless I have my hair and makeup done and I am wearing some sexy number...***Update: They should make dessert poutine!! Churro fries with chocolate and marshmallows or toasted pound cake fries with fruit topping and mascarpone cheese! I know, I am a genius.
I've been to Barroco three times now and am a fan! The location is in a little house like building in Lakewood and I am not sure that they have air conditioning, but there is street parking right in front and the staff is friendly. I am still exploring local ethnic cuisine and I took French in school, so the menu is a little hard for me to pronounce and decipher, but there are good descriptions and lots of pictures on Yelp to help you figure out what you want. -Cheesy Corn Dip: Soooo good! It has chicken in it as well and the crispy chip things go great with the warm gooey dip. -Empanadas: Four to an order but they are pretty big, just eaten plain they are eh, but add salsa or sauce and they are pretty yummy. You'll be sad when they are all gone. -Bandeja Paisa: A little pricey, but a lot of food. You do get a variety of things, but I think this dish is better at El Arepazo Y Pupuseria and it's cheaper there. -Chicken Tostones: Tasty. The Plantain Chips on their own aren't that great, but they are more of a way to carry the rest of the food to your mouth so it doesn't really matter. Also the portions are on the bigger side, so whether you want to feed a family of four or just want to be a fatty, I recommend this place for some tasty Latin food.
Yes I am writing a review for Popeye's, don't judge me. For the first 26 years of my life I had no real care for fried chicken, but then I moved to the big old city and my world was forever changed. Um HELLO you delicious-juicy-hot-spicy-artery-clogging piece of fried chicken! Ohhh and those buttery biscuits! Sooooo bad for you, but ooooohh so good!
Apparently I keep forgetting that I have already tried this place so here is my review so I remember not to make another visit. It's not that the food is bad, not at all, it's just "meh, I've experienced better". It's forgettable. I think I have been here 2 or 3 times in the last three years? I forget about my experience and get suckered in when I finally fall for one of their mail advertisements. *1 lbs of mild wings $8.99 - The menu describes these as "Jumbo Wings", but they are on the smaller end of average size. Nothing special and it's an extra .35 if you want blue cheese dressing to go with your wings. *Small Spinach and Artichoke Dip Pizza $10.49 - You'd expect a dip to be thick, creamy, cheesy, but this pizza did not really have that. Just a regular layer of sauce and cheese with artichokes on it. Again, the food is not bad, but it is mediocre. No issue with the staff. Place seems clean. Prices aren't outrageous. I just think there are better pizza places out there (Angelo's, Danny Boy's, Edison's, Samosky's, even Jet's is better). Sorry Antonio's.
I have never been to a Penn Station before, but I must say my artichoke sandwich with chicken was pretty tasty. Fresh cut fries are always a pleasure to see on a menu and the fries would be especially great if Penn Station served cheese sauce to dip them in mmm...The price was reasonable and the wait was not too long, my only real complaint would be on the staff. One young lady was exceptional; very friendly, helpful, and patient, but the others not so much. As soon as I walked in the door I was jumped on like a lion eager for a bite out of a gazelle. Thanks for the welcoming hello, but no need to ask for my name and keep asking me what I want to order when I am not even at the counter and I'm faced away from you; give me a minute to look at the menu and I'll come to you when I'm ready. The other issue would have to be on sanitation, the young man who put my fries down also rang up customers on the cash register and never took off his gloves. When I asked him if he would throw away the gloves and get new ones before handling food again, he laughed at me and said "It's okay, we sanitize". Um what? He then pointed at a little foam dispenser. The kid wasn't violating any food safety rules, but it is recommended by the Ohio Health Department "to change your gloves and wash your hands between touching money and preparing food." Also there is this, "Plastic or Latex gloves are considered SINGLE-USE and task specific. They must be discarded and hands properly washed when interruptions occur in the operation such as dispensing drinks or handling money."It's a shame the tasty food is in the background of this review, but when you laugh in the face of a customer concerned about your sanitation practices while preparing their meal, you're lucky to even get two stars.
I stopped in with some friends during the week for happy hour. The place was packed at 3:30pm, but I think that was because tours started up at the Christmas Story House across the street. Eventually the place cleared out a bit but none of this stopped our group of 5 from having a good time! We were seated at the corner of the bar and enjoyed happy hour specials like half price poutine ($3.75) and discounts on draft beers ($4.50). Our server was awesome and we all around had a pretty enjoyable couple hours just talking and laughing. So about the food. A couple of us went with the poutine and we were a bit disappointed to find out that they were out of the regular fries and instead we were served seasoned curly fries. Cheese curds were not even in the slightest bit warmed up. But the gravy was very good. My friends said this dish was great in the past so I am going to chalk this experience up to the place being so busy and running out of their typical food stock. I did get the The Bumpus Hounds Lunch ($10) to-go. It's basically an open faced turkey sandwich with blue cheese mashed potatoes and gravy on top. It comes with a side so I selected their gouda mac & cheese (+$2) and an extra side of coleslaw ($3) as well. The mac & cheese is freaking delicious! I will have to try it as a entree with chicken mmm. The purple cabbage vinegar based coleslaw was a perfect pairing to cut the fat. Food held up even when refrigerated and reheated. Minus that poutine issue, I enjoyed this place and would definitely come back. It's got that neighborhood hole in the wall bar vibe to it. Nothing fancy - just good food, good service, and good company!
I got breakfast here once, some sort of pecan pancakes that I think I remember liking?, but besides that no other visits until recently when I wanted to check out their "Anti-fish fry". The dinner contained lightly breaded and grilled haddock, herb roasted potatoes, southwest slaw ($13), side of 3 pierogies with grilled onions ($3), and a side of broth like clam chowder ($3). And of course tartar sauce and sour cream were included. Overall I think it was a good dinner, the potatoes were a bit lackluster and I would have preferred mac & cheese, but no big complaints and I liked their unique take on the clam chowder. I'd say this place is a solid 3.5, but I am not going to round up until I try a few more of their offerings.
I finally had a chance to stop in and check this place out and I am glad I did! I was warmly greeted by a young lady who gave off the impression as being genuinely personable. She did her best to explain the offerings and answer what questions I had about the ingredients. From what I understood, some things are made with stuff like fresh fruits and other items are made with things like store bought Pan peanut butter. They do offer a couple gluten free options if you're one of the 2% who have been diagnosed by a medical professional to have a real problem with gluten. The case appeared to be well stocked at 5pm when I showed up which made me happy since I then had a bigger variety to choose from, but they close at 6pm and I was told they throw away all of the leftover baked goods. That is such a shameful waste! I would really hope they would reconsider and just donate their leftovers to a local food bank, fire station, or even just walk next door to Sweet Melissa's (their restaurant) and let the customers there get a free sample of their goods. I think the latter would get even more business for them with people then curious and wanting to stop by the bakery. Oh well. I decided to go with a couple cake donuts .75-$1 and an adult pop-tart $1.50. The flavors I chose were PB & chocolate, raspberry, and PB & J. I was told some of the icings are made from a mix of powdered sugar and others are store bought. They also offer other donut flavors like Oreo, triple chocolate, coconut, strawberry with sprinkles, and red velvet. Unfortunately the red velvet does not have cream cheese frosting. The donuts appear to be moist on the outside, but the inside is dense and slightly dry. If they could just tweak their recipe just a little bit to make them more moist then these donuts would be phenomenal! They are the perfect size for a little affordable treat that doesn't make you hate yourself if you "accidentally" eat two of them.The adult pop-tart is slightly bigger than the store bought kind, and has a nice little buttery flake to the crust that helps balance out the sweetness of the fruit preserves inside and the drizzle of icing on the outside. M Bakery also sells slices of zucchini bread, apple dumplings, mini cupcakes, and bear claws. The inside is pretty spacious with plenty of seating and some nice dcor. You can park right in front along the street or there is parking in the back. I'd probably check this place out again for some more donuts, I'd just make sure I had a glass of milk to dip them in next time. Would recommend!
I put together a networking event on the Goodtime III with young professionals groups from local businesses and we all had a pretty great time! The Friday Rush Hour Cruise is only $15 and with groups of 20 or more it's only $13 which is super affordable and a great way to spend an evening! The ship has four levels where you can find a concession stand (turkey wraps, ice cream, nachos), a DJ spinning tunes, and a bar with happy hour wine and beer specials ($3-$5). We luckily had beautiful sunny weather and a light breeze which was perfect for standing out on the open deck and mingling while checking out awesome views of Cleveland. The staff was helpful in getting everything set up for my event, and Captain Rick even introduced himself which I thought was a nice gesture. I would definitely recommend Icebreaker Bingo, prizes for the most business cards collected, and other networking activities to keep your group together and engaged if you want to use the cruise for professional reasons. However, I actually think this cruise would be great for a date as well. You could unwind together after work while snuggled up in some deck seats, have a drink or two, then hit up a local restaurant for dinner once the ship docks.
Let me tell you a story about buying a car...I was driving the same car for the last 12 years, like I had this car since high school! She did her best and while I had separation anxiety, I knew it was finally time for me to upgrade. I decided I wanted a Mazda 3 Hatchback. I took my time and spent the last two years researching: asking questions, talking to owners, reading reviews, and meeting with dealerships. I wasn't that happy with the sales people I encountered previously so I gave up on my new car search for a while. I don't like making an inquiry and then receiving multiple texts, calls, emails right away (within an  hour!) from one place, I didn't like being transferred between sales associates, or talking with associates who had very little experience and knowledge about the car they were selling. I also don't like getting the run around about pricing and having to go back and forth ("here's the price, well we can try to lower it this much, hey wait! how about this much?" Psshh if you wanted to give me a fair deal you would have done that from the start!). All of this typical reasons for why car sales people earn their bad reputation. I found none of that malarkey at Brunswick Mazda/ Brunswick Auto Mart! In 24 hours of making contact with them I purchased a new car! Ryan Hart was my sales associate and he promptly contacted me and gave me the lowest price from the start. No BS, no games, just straight forward and in talking to him I could easily tell he had a lot of knowledge not only about my specific car but about the manufacturer in general as well. And you better believe I grilled him and brought up every problem, possibility, question, whatever that I found in my research. He stayed cool as a cucumber and gave me all of the answers. He went over every single doohickey and feature inside and outside of the car with me and we discussed/compared everything (ie 16 inch tires vs 18 inch tires and how the car performs in the snow). He even broke down the pricing for me so I could see exactly how everything added up and what payments would be if I took 0% APR or cash back. He was very open about all of the rebates I could get, what if anything he made off of the sale, what the dealership was getting, how long the car was on the lot, if Mazda was going to do any revisions on this model soon, the three best times of the year to buy a car, his history/driving experience with his own Mazda; he was upfront about everything!When it came time for the paper work I met with the finance manager, Steven Platko. Another seemingly genuine guy, friendly, and no stench of shadiness at all. I had a specific number in mind that I wanted for my car payments and Steve found a way to help me get really close to that ideal goal. The sales price could not be lowered anymore so they increased the value of my trade and bought me three more months of zero interest. All in all I would definitely recommend Ryan and Steve at Brunswick Mazda. I felt comfortable, did not experience any pressure or stupid sales tactics, and I know I got a really great deal on my car!
Very disappointed in this place. I went a couple times when they first opened, even had a supper club here, but the owner seems to just have become cantankerous and money hungry over time. Menu has also changed with increased prices and less options. In speaking with the owner tonight he has a "too bad, don't care" mentality towards his customers. I was about to spend $60 on a large order and all I wanted was to swap the rice/bulgar ($4 al a carte) that came in one meal for a scoop of hummus ($6 al a carte) instead. I would have paid the $2 difference but he would have none of it. Just wanted to talk over me and yell that the "rice is complimentary and not included in the meal price and no substitutions! Take it or leave it!". Well I left it. Cancelled that order fast. Previously everyone was so friendly and they didn't mind such a small swap. Now, whoa! What a terrible impression he just left. Lost a customer for life. The food was good, but with the high prices and such a negative change in customer service I will never order from here again. I highly recommend you check out any other Middle Eastern/Mediterranean place on the west side. Al Pita in Rocky River just opened up, give them a try. Or Aladdin's, Istanbul Grill, Taki's Greek... heck you could go cheap and tasty with Oasis, Dolce Wraps, Sittoo's, Ferris Deli, Boaz Cafe, Naf Naf Grill, Falafel Xpress,Ya Hala, Mezza, etc.**Update:Darla K. who works at The Fountain posted a 5 star review complaining about my review. You're not allowed to write a review for a business you work at and your review has to be about your experience at that business, not a complaint about a customers review. So it's been reported for breaking the rules. I'd just like to point out this pettiness helps to prove my point that the customer service is bad. Also, I think Darla needs to look up what slandering means as nothing in my review is false - she confirms I spoke with the owner and asked to substitute the side of rice for the side of hummus. Telling me no isn't the problem, being unreasonable and rude about the request is.
Let's cut to the chase, food is decent - okay, but nothing to run back to. The nutella shake $6.50 is really tasty and the Gouda Mac & Cheese Bites $6.50 were good for a fried carb filled appetizer. The County Line Fried Chicken Sandwich $9.75 is pretty big, but lacking flavor. It was good after I added pepper jack cheese, extra coleslaw (they give you a micro portion), hot sauce, and some guac I had at home. I placed an in-person take-out order with the hostess who was very personable and friendly. The dcor is clean and hip, and there is plenty of parking since this place is on the outside of a mall. The food isn't bad, but I've only made it here twice in the two years I've lived on the west side if that tells you anything.UPDATE**Customer service at The Rail is outstanding! They really care about how your experience was and genuinely listen when you offer suggestions. I tried them out again, this time for a Local Yokel Burger (added avocado) and a side of their house chips with dip. I am going to stick with the 3 star A-Ok rating because the food was good, but still not something that really stood out to me. I am however, more inclined to keep giving them a shot now because of their customer service and the monthly specials are appealing.
The bar/patio outside is great for sunny summer days/warm summer nights and the beer sampler is a great way to try their brews as long as you have someone to share them with as it's a lot to drink! I tried the beer cheese soup and was not impressed, I would not recommend ordering this, but I would highly recommend the Asian Nachos. Once again I will have to say that the burgers are delicious and definitely something everyone should try!
This place is definitely appropriately named! I was wandering about the streets of Lakewood when I spotted this gem and quickly snagged a parking spot right out front. Once inside I was warmly greeted by the friendly owner whose middle name is Joy. It turned out I was there during happy hour (2-6pm) so I got a dollar off every item I purchased! After sampling many delicious and unique flavors (there was actual chunks of Brie Cheese in one of them!) I decided to get a couple ice cream sandwiches (which if you buy in bulk you get them at a cheaper price). I went with a Bourbon flavored ice cream between two Chocolate Chip cookies, Vegan Cayenne Sweet Potato Pecan sandwiched between two Oatmeal cookies, and Berry Cheesecake between two Sugar Cookies with Sprinkles. OMG my mouth was so happy! But dang these babies are huge! It took me a couple sittings before I could finish off just one so I am pretty thankful each one comes in a sealed plastic pouch. My only slight nit pick would be that the cookies are hardly baked so it's like eating raw cookie dough, which after a few bites you know you're going to get an upset stomach if you don't put that thing down and eat a salad instead. Overall I really enjoyed the treats I got from Ice Cream Joy and I would definitely check it out again!
I am giving this place 5 stars because the next day I was so happy to wake up to leftovers, it was like a magical food birthday delight. Simple but good cooking hit the spot just right for me and my friends on a Sunday afternoon. The place had just opened for the day and it smelled clean when we walked in. There was a little boy who helped greet people and seat them which I thought was cute and showed this is a family run business. Now on to the food... The food here is simple but all of the pairings work so well together. The empanada was a cheesy fried treat well complemented with the side of salsa. The pupusa was plain but the slaw and sauce gave it a boost of flavor. The Bandeja Paisa was the star of the show and a ton of food; rice, beans, steak, avocado, fried plantain, egg, Colombian sausage, a piece of bread?, and what looked to be a large pork rind.
Two friends and I went here on a weekend looking for some friend chicken an we were not disappointed! We each got a different chicken plate (Morning Style, Evening Style, Late-Night Style) and each of us loved what we got. Mine was the Evening Style with mashed potatoes, stewed collards, country gravy, and it was delicious! The skin crispy and the meat juicy. We also split a side of Jalapeno Hush Puppies and I thought they were so good and well paired with that spicy mayo like sauce. On my first visit here I thought the biscuits were dry and not that good, but my second time around they were nice and tasty especially with the accompanying butter and apple butter (I think it was apple butter?).
Today we sampled Crust. Here is the lowdown on the goods...-Butternut Squash Ricotta Gnocchi: Thick and rich stick to your ribs deliciousness. Add a salad and you could definitely make this a hearty filling meal for two or four. -The Spaniard Sub: The bread has a lovely softness to the inside and I enjoyed being able to taste the goat cheese right away. -Capocollo Pizza: The thin crust is actually a bit thicker and chewier than I expected. In the first bite you immediately taste the saltiness of the cured ham and some heat from the red pepper flakes. I'd recommend sides of red sauce to aid in tastiness.All in all, good grub.
Went here on a weekend to pick up some lunch. The restaurant is attached to a mall which makes you think it might have more of a laid back vibe to it, but no, walk through the doors and everybody be wearing suits and dresses. FANCY. I actually put some effort into my attire that day but still felt a bit out of place. Oh well, placed our order then hit the mall while we waited. At home we opened up the goods and this is what we got...-Chicken Pot Stickers: Been there, done that. The thinly sliced cucumber on top was a nice touch though. -Shrimp Curry Noodle Soup: Tasted okay even after being in the fridge a few days. Glad to find 6 medium sized shrimp in it. -Chicken Cheesecake: Stay away from this. Dry and had a lifeless flavor to it. The side of thick cut sweet potato fries were good though, I think they were tempura fried. -Sauteed Sea Scallops: Very good! Only had 3 scallops but the meal was just so creamy and tasty it didn't even matter. A little black pepper and my mouth was pretty happy eating that. -Creme Brulee: A delicious end to our tasting that day. Crispy sugary crust with a smooth custard and chopped up fruit that really paired well with it. The lunch prices are reasonable, and although I only really liked two things, I would check this place out again, I'll just have to remember to wear my ballgown next time.
I went here for a Dishcrawl event and I was very pleasantly surprised! The interior was nice, but the main point of this review is to talk about the food!! They served us a sampling of their tenderloin tips and the chicken piccata with a huge pile of mashed potatoes and some fried straws. The sauce on the tenderloin tips had this sweet delicious taste to it and the caperberry paired very well with the chicken. Both were excellent and I would definitely go back! I'm actually salivating right now thinking about the food mmm.Others at our table got a margarita that came with it's own pitcher, so for $9 you got almost 2 1/2 drinks!
I probably just gave myself the diabetes, but I have no regrets! This place is awesome! Stopped by with some friends and we were instantly greeted by friendly and personable staff. They had no problem with our indecision's and pleasantly offered for us to try all of the flavors if we wanted to! (I love that they use real mini metal spoons for the tastings as it always makes me sad to see a ton of plastic spoons the trash). While I wasn't ecstatic about the flavors (love that they are homemade with local ingredients) I did find a little piece of heaven in the Philomena Banana Bread dessert. Mmm so good! It's two slices of homemade banana chocolate chip bread that has brown sugar brled on one side then it's topped with 3 scoops of ice cream of your choice (I chose just one scoop of banana and one scoop of vanilla) then some whip cream of your choice (I chose nutella) and finally a drizzle of sauce. They really blow your mind when they serve it with a spoon that changes color when it touches the cold ice cream. I took my $8 sugar coma and we all sat out on the patio ($8 seems like a lot but this dessert is enough for two). One of staff came out and offered us some water, and get this, he brought a regular sized cup! Not some tiny two sipper. I really appreciate this as I could be a fish with all the water I drink. Seriously, next time you're craving a treat stop by Mason's Creamery as you'll enjoy the ice cream, the great staff, and you can even bring your dog.
We stopped here after visiting Holden Arboretum, and I must say it does look like a hole-in-the-wall place, but don't let appearances fool you! This place was hopping with locals, our waitress was friendly and patient (love the warm welcome, smiles, and attentive service), and the food was pretty dang good!It is a bit dark inside, and there is nothing fancy about this place, but they have plenty of tv's, free popcorn to much on, and delicious BBQ. On Sunday's they have 10% off BBQ so I went with the ribs and pulled pork $14.99 and it came with two sides (coleslaw and garlic parm fries) and garlic bread. My date went with the BBQ chicken breasts $9.99 and got regular fries and mac & cheese. They make all of their own sauces and they have a ton of them, but the waitress will let you sample some to help you decide. I went with the sweet & spicy for my ribs, the golden BBQ for my pork, and the spicy ranch (definitely has a kick!) for dipping my fries in. My ribs had a wonderful crispy bark on them, they weren't huge (and watch out for that cartilage), but my mouth really enjoyed eating them. Pulled pork tasted awesome with that golden BBQ sauce (it's a mustard base) and I enjoyed the homemade cream based coleslaw as well (came out in the same 3-4oz containers that the sauce came in so don't expect gluttonous portions). Fries are fresh cut which is always great in my book. I had a bite of the white "gourmet" mac & cheese and it was just okay, but my date enjoyed it. He also liked the tender chicken that he got. This place is pretty far from where I live, but if in the neighborhood again I would definitely hit it up!
Alright, I am going to be real with you. I was really hesitant about going to this place because I thought it was going to be a dump. I was so wrong! We went to lunch today to celebrate a co-worker's birthday and they wanted to go here so we went. Outside it looks like nothing special, inside it's a hodgepodge of brown walls/ceiling, a wall of mirrors, party carpet, colorful glass light fixtures (some missing light bulbs), and songs like Unchained Melody by the Righteous Brothers were playing. Our party of 8 was seated right away at a big table in the middle of the restaurant. The waitress accidentally whacked me in the head with several menus. BUTThe staff is nice, the food is good, and the price is great! Seriously, I got the Cuyahoga Heights deep dish skillet for only $6.99! It consisted of sliced potatoes, sausage gravy, sausage, green peppers, onions, two over medium eggs, and rye toast. HUGE portion that left me stuffed all day. And it was TASTY! Our server was prompt with the water refills and checks so there was no long wait on anything. I was very pleasantly surprised by this place!So lesson learned today: Don't judge a book by its cover or you're gonna miss out on a good story. (I'm blanking on a good food version of this saying)
This place is close to my work so it was an easy choice for when we wanted to try something new. I picked up a bunch of to-go items for us to sample and thus here is the review on our $45 Ninja City feast. Pros:Spicy Shrimp Quesadilla - Enjoyed this with the mango salsa, very tiny portion though, so I don't suggest sharing it. Bacon Guacamole - Hard to go wrong with bacon and fried wonton chips. Green Papaya Salad - Refreshing, slightly sweet with a crispy crunch. Bacon & Egg Ramen -  Enjoyable with a nice flavor. BBQ Pork Buns - Very good! Although $9 seems a bit pricey for 3 little buns. Cons:Bacon & Egg Ramen - Threw me off because it looks like spaghetti noodles, also the meat was just way too fatty. We didn't eat it all and the next day you could see the thick white fat coated to the sides of the container. Steak & Egg Rice Bowl - The meat was flavorless and chewy. Contained plain white rice and there was an off taste about the kimchi. Spring Rolls - Unremarkable. Gyoza Dumplings - Unremarkable. Pork Rangoons - Unremarkable. So this place is half and half, I would check it out again if they made some changes to the menu.
Went here for happy hour so the prices were nice and the food was good, but nothing special. We got the steamed buns and noodle bowls. The inside was decorated nicely and the staff was friendly.
To sum it up: I ate one bite and threw the cupcake away. Starting at the beginning: My friend and I were downtown and decided to check this place out since neither of us had been before. The inside appeared clean and we were greeted by two friendly young ladies and a full case of cupcakes plus more sitting on one of those industrial tray racks. The abundance of cupcakes immediately surprised me because it was 6pm on a Wednesday and usually bakeries sell out of most of their goods by the evening, it also made me wonder how long the cupcakes were sitting there and what would happen to all of them at the end of the night? I let these thoughts slip my mind as I tried to focus and pick from the large variety in front of me. My friend and I decided to each get a cupcake then split and swap a half. They got Red Velvet and I got Snickerdoodle. When you see these cupcakes you are taken aback by their enormous size; probably triple the size of a regular cupcake. This was a little off putting to me as that just seems like a lot for one person; it's like a thick slice of cake and I picture cupcakes more like a little treat. Plus, I'd rather try two varieties than be stuck with one kind. As for the ingredients, I was told by the staff that the only cupcake made with real fruit was the banana one, I was told they use a gel for flavoring. Ehhhh that's a bad sign but I still wanted to see what they tasted like. They weren't the worst cupcakes I've ever had, but they weren't good enough for me to take a second bite either. The cake was dry and the frosting was meh. Just nothing worthwhile about these cupcakes at all. I would not go back and I would not recommend.
I got lost trying to find this place, but ohhh once I was inside tasting the delicious pho everything was made better! It was just simple food made well, and a pretty big bowl of food at a decent price. I have been dreaming about going back ever since my first visit!
Stopped in and was a bit overwhelmed by the many choices! Staff was patient and friendly while I figured out what to get. -Two chili cheese dogs with onions. Apparently these were different kinds of wiener (traditional  $2.44 and snappy $3.69) but they tasted the same to both of us. Very simple. Soft bun. Not bad at all, but nothing special. - Redneck Super Spuds $6.99. Loaded fresh cut fries with pulled pork, cheese, and coleslaw. Warning that these come salted unless you ask otherwise. It's a mess, but a very tasty one. We both really enjoyed this and it's a huge portion. - Pierogie burger $4.99. I liked this one so much I did not share. Even ate half of it cold the next day. Nice sized pierogie, onions, good meat to buttery bun ratio. Went on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty busy so seemed like a popular place. Liked that they have a table full of different homemade sauces like garlic ketchup or applebutter BBQ. They also have a dollar off the super fries when you check in with Yelp. I would go back for more burgers and fries!
We went here for a take-out feast of Greek food. The two young ladies taking orders and working the cash register were very friendly and helpful which is always great to encounter. The prices however, I think are a little bit high and I really disagree with charging extra for lettuce on a gyro when all you want to do is substitute it for the tomatoes. Now on to the food:American Gyro - It was okay, the meat was a little too salty for my taste. *Spinach Artichoke Feta Dip with Fried Pita Chips - Amazing! The kind of stuff you know is clogging your arteries but you don't care. Dolmades - Stuffed grape leaves were okay. Spanakopita - Spinach and cheese were okay. Fries - Normal.*Small Greek Salad - Nice and tasty. Perfect addition to all the meat entrees. *Souvlaki Platter - Get the pork, very good on pita with some onion and tzatziki sauce.*Roasted Red Pepper Hummus - Very tasty!Baklava - Had an odd taste of cinnamon or something to it. Galaktobouriko - Cold and syrupy, but a strange dessert I could not stop eating. All in all, it was a nice sampling of Greek food, and I would go back for a couple dishes like the Spinach Dip and the Souvlaki Platter. Mmm!
Guy at the deli: "What are you doing tonight?"Me: "Netflix and chill."Guy at the deli: "By yourself?"Me: "Yeah, the only meat I want is this turkey reuben."The meat is that good people. Try the Philadelphian and a side of Bacon Ranch Potato Salad! The gentlemen behind the counter are friendly and helpful when you're trying to decide what to order (but they didn't know that Thirsty Dog is a local brewery in Akron even though they sell it, I forgive them).
Just discovered this place tonight and I will be back! A bit of a hippy, 70's theme going on with the decor, but some good jams coming off the sound system. I got a couple sandwiches to share and try. The roast beef/horseradish sandwich was okay, but the turkey/avocado sandwich was really tasty and I like how they include a pickle with your order. What made my experience really great was how friendly and patient the two staff members were towards me when I had no idea what to order. Prices are higher than a chain place like Subway, but I would say the food quality and  friendly staff are worth the little extra.
Went here for the first time the other night and really glad we made reservations because the people who came in right after us were told it was a 2 hour wait. We were seated by the kitchen which is open and really cool to see the chefs cooking.We had... Beef Cheek Piergoie for appetizer and it was very good. Bread and butter was also brought to our table and I was a little disappointed that it was so plain; one piece just to taste and the rest went to waste. Main dishes included the Hanger Steak which was very tasty, however the fries that come with it are like matchstick fries and were not anything special. Would not get the fries again. My date had the Sturgeon and it was good. For dessert we ordered the 6am special and it was good, however prepare yourself for a diabetic coma because it was super sweet, could not taste the bacon flavored ice cream, only maple syrup. We were also brought a special dessert that they just came up with; dark chocolate with burnt orange ice cream something. Tasty. The service was excellent and our food arrived promptly. Pretty pricey, but I would definitely come here again for a special night out.
Stopped in today to try a hot dog, but to my great disappointment the Whiskey Dogg is no longer. They were sold a couple weeks ago and the establishment is now called Second Level or something, but they still haven't changed their signs outside. The workers were just lounging around and watching TV as no one else was inside. Seems like a hole in the wall kind of bar/restaurant. They have a completely different menu, nothing special, just regular plain bar food: burger, hot dog, fries. Nothing unique or appealing so I just left.
I've been here a couple of times now and I really can't remember ever having a bad experience! From mussels to fries to biscuits and gravy - all were very tasty! (Nice selection of beers as well!) Staff is friendly and I generally just like the laid-back/slightly hip vibe going on inside. I definitely need to come here more often!
I ordered three different pizzas for my group of hungry friends and was pretty excited to try Dewey's since their website listed such great sounding combinations. We tasted Billy Goat, Ryan's Inferno, and Southwest BBQ Chicken. I am sorry to say that I was not impressed at all and was actually a little disappointed. The crust was neither crispy nor hearty, the toppings lacked substance, and the price seemed high. Just an overall "meh" feeling about Dewey's.
Went here as part of my random spa day because I was wanting to try acrylic nails for the first time. The inside of the place could use a little make over, the huge fish tank in the front needs to go, but the people were all very friendly so I think that makes up for some things. My nails turned out so pretty! So I would recommend this place if you want your nails done, but I am giving 3 stars because I also got a pedicure and it wasn't so great. Oh and you can only leave a cash tip so make sure you've got some before you go in.
Oh your favorite taco place is Barrio? That's cute. How about we slap some real authentic delicious tacos inside your mouth then see how you feel. Holy sweet baby Mexican Jesus! Sure it's at the back of a supermarket, sure it's hard to communicate if you can't speak Spanish, but the tacos are simple, tasty and only $2.50 each! The sign at the back says cash only, but you can pre-order your tacos at the lottery desk in the front and pay by card. Also, don't be intimidated if you don't speak Spanish, just smile and you'll get a warm smile in return from everyone, plus we all speak the language of food, they know what you're in there for and they're ready to give it to you. Have them load you up with all five taco offerings. Trust me, you won't regret it. Don't forget to add toppings like cilantro, lime juice, diced onion, guac or this yummy orange sauce to your tacos! Oh and do check out their other offerings like tamales, I haven't tried mine yet, but they look like a win! Actually don't come here, I don't want to share.
Dang, from the reviews this fest is getting a lot of hate, but I thought it was a nice way to spend an afternoon. Tickets are only $5 but it sounds like people are expecting Cirque du Soleil and a talk by Bill Nye the Science Guy.I stopped by with a friend on a Saturday Afternoon. The weather was gorgeous! Outside there were some food trucks, beer stations, bands playing, and some big metal sculptures. Inside was airy (no boob sweat for me which was awesome) and there were clothing and jewelry vendors, a guy selling homemade loaves of bread, and a couple neat robot toys/figurines? for sale. In another section we saw 3D printers in action and talked to a woman about the specifics behind them. At another stand we learned about Chateau Hough, a vineyard on reclaimed urban land that helps parolees reenter society. There was a section where you could sit and listen to some talk about the community (I obviously was not listening). In another area we saw moving photographs taken by the homeless. In yet another area we sat down to paint a tile with just drops of ink and a straw. Finally we sipped on some beer from Goldhorn Brewery and watched people of all ages enjoy the indoor swings. I honestly think a person's attitude has a big affect on their experience somewhere; my friend and I went in with open minds and really just enjoyed a chill day hanging out together and exploring this neat/interesting little festival. I saw that later in the evenings they had belly dancers and a guy twirling fire around which would have been cool to see.  But whatevs, to each their own, I know I would check it out again!
78th Street Studios is this huge old warehouse full of artists/vendors and every third Friday of the month there is this after hours event (5-9pm) where you are free to browse about the studios/galleries inside. I thought it was pretty interesting to check out; some things I was like "wow, that is so cool, lots of talent there!" other things I was like "wtf is that? I don't understand this at all". Mentionables: It is hot as Hades in there during the summer, like seriously, we were both sweating buckets. Food is available for purchase. There is an area where you can play old school arcade games. If the parking lot fills up there is a dirt lot right down the road. Bring some cash, not all of the artists are able to process cards. I would definitely recommend this as a place to check out!
Alright, I will admit this review is a long time coming and the pictures don't do the meals justice, but here I am finally putting pen to paper and letting ya'll know about the really tasty BBQ at Oak & Embers! This place is a bit out of the way for me, we're talking a good 45 minute drive, but I was meeting up with a small group of friends and the food was great so I would definitely make the drive again!We started off with the burnt ends appetizer $10.50 which was very tasty! Then 3 of us tried out some of the meat and side options (ranges from $13.50 - $25) while one person tried the shrimp and grits plate $17. I really liked that the meat plates include 2 sides and cornbread. Some places the plate doesn't include a side and/or you get a slice of grocery store white bread. All I can remember is that I had enough food for three meals and that I really enjoyed everything except the mashed potatoes. Those tasted like old boxed potatoes that had been sitting in a warmer for too long. I took one bite and traded them for a different side. Our waiter was a young friendly kid who joked around with our table. All of the staff we encountered were pleasant. This place is located in a plaza, but that just means they have plenty of parking. I've thought about this place ever since I went and I think a trip back soon is in order! (I'll make sure to take better pictures and write better descriptions of the food!)***UpdateThe meat does not melt in your mouth, but it is still pretty good. Cornbread was good but does have a sugar coating on top of it. Baked beans were not my cup of tea at all. Mac & cheese was gooey and cheesy, very good. Dirty grits were tasty as well. Appleslaw was just okay. Big portion sizes.
I made a special stop on the way to work to pick up some bagels and cream crease for my work team. Just an FYI at 7:30am on a Friday there were several customers. You can fit about 3 cars in the parking lot, but there are other lots by the store you can park in. Staff seemed pleasant. Place was clean with some seating (check out their collection of photos with a throwback 90's theme). A dozen bagels is $14 and cream cheese spread is $5 for half a pound. I got a variety: Plain, Rosemary Sea Salt, Everything, Cinnamon Cranberry with Cheddar Chive and Brie Honey Walnut Spreads. I'm not a bagel connoisseur so this wasn't a mind blowing experience for me, but everyone said the bagels tasted good (my favorite was the cinnamon cranberry). To me they are denser/chewier than say what Panera Bread offers, not bad at all just different. Also need to note that they are not sliced which was unfortunate to find out when all you've got is a cheap plastic knife at work. Spreads are pretty tasty (they were out of the bacon date which sounds delicious). I enjoy supporting local so I could see myself making a special trip if I had guests in town or if already in the area (snag a breakfast sandwich), but other than that I am satisfied by my one visit. Glad I tried and if you're into bagels I suggest you give them a try as well!
I only had 30 minutes to run in here, order, and eat before I had to dash over to an event down the street. First impression is that it is clean, has nautical themed decor (lobsters in nets), and quiet with only a couple people including myself at 6pm on a Friday. I sat at the bar and a young lady named Andrea served me, she was friendly and helpful. I decided to go with the clam chowder and the fried shrimp. The clam chowder was nothing special but I added in some of their house sauce that they toss the seafood boils in and it really make the chowder so much better with a nice little kick to it. The Shrimp are jumbo sized and you get about nine of them. I added the cajun? spice to the breading. Just a warning that the shrimp are not deveined if you care about that. So while I am sitting at the bar by myself this guy comes in and legit starts casually flirting with the bartender. So awkward to watch, I felt like I was ruining things by sitting there trying to eat my chowder (with a huge black spoon by the way, seriously, who has a mouth that big?). "Hey, you remember me?... I left that job at Mongolian BBQ ... oh you do makeup? I'm starting to get into photography, you should give me your number.... *burp* oh excuse me so sorry about that". And she just played right along with it all cool while handing him a beer (no food, he just came to drink and chat). So overall, this place is okay. Nothing bad, but nothing really tasty. I would still like to come back and try one of their seafood boils though.
A fellow Yelper recently posted some pictures of their food from this place and I was like "hmm yeah, I could use some pho", so I made a trip downtown to check this place out! It was a holiday afternoon so there was not much traffic so I was able to snag a free parking spot on the street. Just take note that the entrance is on Rockwell not Superior. Inside I was greeted by a friendly bartender who helped me with finding good things to eat off the menu. I went with:A1. - Bahn Mi $4.95: Very tasty! I took one bite and couldn't stop eating it!B13. - House Special Vermicelli $10.95: Kind of like a cold pasta salad with a lite dressing. A-Okay and enough for two meals. M4./M7. - Egg noodle and clear noodle soup $10.95: Huge portion and enough for two meals, but sadly the shrimp balls had a funky taste that I did not enjoy. Overall I'd check this place out again as I really liked the Bahn Mi and I am sure if I explored the menu a little more I'd find other tasty items.
Adding a star since this place has consistently been satisfying in taste, portion size, and price. Sure it's no Cafe Falafel, but it's close to me and get's the job done.
Pretty disappointed in you Danny Boy. I stopped in to pick up a deep dish Clevelander style pizza like I have gotten in the past (see my first review) and it was not a good experience. The girl working the register/pick up area gave off an unpleasant negative vibe. No smiles. No friendliness. She was just going through the motions of her job and she either was having a bad day or really dislikes the public but is forced to say a disingenuous "thank you" anyway. I tried to ask her about this potato pizza I saw on special and she couldn't have been more disinterested in talking to me. It also took her at least a half a dozen tries to get the credit card machine to work. (I currently have an extra charge pending on my credit card from the multiple swipes, hopefully it will fall off since it is not a legit one).Glad I checked my pizza before I left. Turns out they made me a regular style Clevelander. Big difference when you asked for it deep dish style. If I am going to be spending $15 on a small pizza I want it made the way I asked for. Deep dish is like this hearty Chicago style pie. The regular version is a bit lackluster. It was dinner time and I was hungry. It was a busy night inside and I did not want to wait for the correct pizza to be made so I got a refund for my pizza and left with just my side salad.I'm just saddened. I was really craving a good slice of pizza and having to eat just stupid lettuce instead doesn't help. I was very specific when calling in my order and even repeated it to make sure they understood what I wanted. Getting the wrong food was one thing, having disagreeable customer service on top of it just made the whole experience bad and makes me not want to go back any time soon.**Not sure why an older picture of the mac & cheese pizza is attaching to this review, but ready my previous review on it.
I was here for an event, but liked what I sampled so much that I decided to buy some goods to take home! I went with the Chocolate Croissant and the Strawberry Danish. Both are huge and cost $2.95 each. Pretty sure the chocolate they use is the European variety so it has more cocoa and less sugar compared to the American kind; to me this makes it a little bitter tasting and so I was not a big fan of the croissant. (The bakery consultant they used was Maurice Chaplais, who is from England). The strawberry danish on the other hand I loved! It was made like a pinwheel and I would slowly pull off layers and dip them into the cream center. Mmm, but definitely a sweet and sticky treat though. The ambiance inside is very nice. There are chairs and couches you can sit on and relax by a small fireplace. I also love that Bloom Bakery is a non-profit that helps provide training and employment to low-income and disadvantage adults in greater Cleveland. That makes me want to support this place even more!I will definitely be back to check out their other offerings like sandwiches and this filled donut I keep hearing about!
They have relocated to a location in Highland Heights. In December I joined this gym really looking forward to all of the claims the staff made about how great they are and how in shape they would help me get. I am not a gym kind of person at all and I told them I would be moving in about six months, but they reassured me it would be fine with rainbows on top. Well, turns out people say a lot of things to get you to sign a contract that gives them money every month. Lesson learned, never join a gym during the holidays especially when you've never belonged to a gym before. Ask for a week free trial first and take home the contract to thoroughly read over before you sign it. Join with friends because going to the gym is easier when you have people going with you, that way you have support, encouragement and are held accountable by your friends when you want to skip. Also you need to be fine with spending a lot of money. They pull you in with talks of just $10 a month, but that doesn't include the sign up fees and yearly fees after three months of joining, nor does it include the extra $40 per session if you want to see a personal trainer you don't click with. Lastly, make sure your work doesn't have a gym you can go to for free.
Pretty good food, but very expensive. We got bread with honey flavored butter, Crispy Calamari, Braised Short Ribs (only complaint is that the potatoes were almost raw), Grilled Veal Chop and the Under Construction Dessert: Honey Mascarpone Cheesecake, Vanilla Bean Caramel, Candied Black Walnuts, Sweet Bourbon Pearls. The inside was beautiful as it used to be an old bank, but it is pretty loud.
If you happen to be around Parma and are craving some BBQ and don't have any major league options, I'd recommend coming to Dickie's. Apparently this is a chain but I have never heard of it before and since I'm up for anything I decided to give fast food BBQ a shot (honestly I found a coupon in the mail and that lured me in). The staff was welcoming and patient with answering all of our questions about the menu. I settled on the 3 meat plate with beef brisket, pulled pork, and spicy cheddar sausage. It comes with 2 sides and a piece of cornbread for an upgrade. I added an extra side and ended up with: coleslaw, baked beans, and baked potato casserole. My dining companion got the chicken and turkey breast with potato salad, mac & cheese, and the jalapeo Beans. So since this is fast food you have to lower your BBQ standards, but I would still say the food was good for what it was. The meat is slightly dry, but you do have 3 sauces to choose from (basically just regular sauce with one a little spicier and one a little sweeter), and I did enjoy the kick from the spicy cheddar sausage. I liked the cornbread and actually asked for a second one. The sides were decent, the only one I did not like was the baked potato casserole; I'm pretty sure it was instant potato that had been sitting so long in the warmer that it turned brown and tasted like sadness. I threw it away. My companion did not like the potato salad because it had dill in it, but i thought it was good. I don't drink pop so I got a water with my meal and they gave me a tiny baby cup. I'm not sure why it is thought that those who drink water don't need as much liquid as those who drink pop, but if the reasoning is based on price of a plastic cup then I am more than willing to pay the .15 for it. To sum things up, the food is decent and you do get free vanilla soft serve if you want. We spent about $28 for 5 meats and 6 sides and had plenty for leftovers. Just a word of caution though, get your food to-go as there are a lot of gnats inside and we just ended up packing our food up and leaving.
Holy dive bar! Stopped by because they were supposed to have a beer I wanted to try on tap, sadly they did not have it tapped yet, but we decided to stay for a beer anyway. Very laid back and mostly the few people that were there on a Friday night seemed to be of the silver haired variety, so not exactly a happenin' place unless you wanted to meet a cougar or a Santa Claus impersonator. (Maybe I was just there on a slow night?)Not exactly my kind of place since they don't serve food and we all know I like to eat, but no bad vibes from this low-key neighborhood bar so I'd suggest it if that's your type of spot!
I saw a fellow Yelper post a picture of their food from here and it looked so good I decided to find this place and try it out for myself. I had some trouble finding it, actually drove past it, and it doesn't appear to be located in the best area, but once I made it inside I was greeted by warm and friendly staff. The young lady working there helped me figure out what everything was at this buffet/cafeteria like set up, and she even let me get samples of a couple different dishes in my to-go box. The food: Yellow Rice with Chickpeas, Fried Sweet Plantains, Beans with Pork, Steak, Pork, Pizza Empanadillas, Alcapuria Deguineo (fried ball with ground meat and plantains). - I found the food to be a little salty, lacking vegetables, and it did not have any memorable flavor to it. BUT! I think if you enjoy Latin cuisine then you should definitely check this place out because although I personally did not think it was amazing, the food was still good, AND they give you huge portions, AND it's cheap since my bill was only $10, AND the staff is super great. I would give this place another shot to  try some of the other stuff they offer.
My booty has gotten way too voluptuous so I got the adult membership ($42) at the YMCA. They had a special this month where the $100 joining fee was reduced to only $25 so I took advantage. The monthly fee does seem a little pricey, but there are no yearly fees, it's a month to month membership and there are no fees for cancelling it, and the price includes many group classes and use of the pool. I live about equal distance from three Y locations and so far have checked out two of them. The West Park location does seem a bit dated, like your grandpa probably went here as a child, but they have the equipment I need so there is no hindrance to my working up a sweat. The cardio machines have tvs in them so you can watch shows while you work out! I've actually stayed on a machine longer than I intended just to finish up a show. The staff is friendly and I like that this location is not very busy when I come in. I actually feel more comfortable here than the Lakewood location, but that is probably because the Lakewood location is huge and full of tons of twenty somethings who stare at you as you walk past the weights to the cardio machines. Downside is that West Park does not have as many group classes as the Lakewood location does. All in all, I would recommend a YMCA membership! Yay for working out and getting in-shape!
Went here for restaurant week. There is a parking lot on the side so you don't have to pay a meter which is nice. The service is not so nice... I walked in the front door and the bartender just stared at me then continued to play with some wine bottles in a mini fridge. A waitress looked at me and walked right on past to to say hi to the bartender then walked away. Um hello, greet your patrons! I had made a reservation but had to search through the crowd and find my table on my own. Even after being seated the service seemed to take a while even though the place was not even 1/3 full. The food...*Bread and olive oil with balsamic vinegar: nothing special. *Panko-Crusted Lump Crab with Chardonnay Cream, Roasted Corn: This came out luke warm and we tasted more fried panko crust than crab meat. *Roasted Chicken Breast with Asiago-Pine Nut Crust, Chardonnay Cream Sauce, Ham-Corn-Bacon Risotto: I thought the chicken was cooked perfectly with a crispy crust and juicy meat. Loved the sauce with it as well. The risotto was a bit hard and the green beans that were served were almost raw. *Crab-Stuffed Salmon with Lemon Cream Sauce, Pesto Risotto, Grilled Asparagus: The asparagus was the best part of this dish. The rest was boring and a better version could be made at home. *White Chocolate and Vanilla Crme Brle: Break through the sugar crust that tasted like propane to find flakes of vanilla settled at the bottom of cold custard. I ate it, but I've definitely had better from the frozen food's section at Target. Overall? Meh.
Brewnuts got themselves a storefront and it's a donut shop/local bar hybrid. What an awesome idea! For those who don't know, a donut goes great with a glass of beer!I'll be honest, I haven't had Brewnuts since they first opened back in 2014. I wasn't that impressed with the donuts back then and thus I didn't have the interest to track them down around Cleveland in local coffee shops. Well what a difference time makes and how great it can be to give places second chances!I stopped in one Thursday evening and I must say that I really enjoyed the blueberry lavender something donut that I got! To me the size of the donut was bigger than average, the texture was light, and the glaze was tasty - definitely had flavor to it. I also tried this maple, bacon, bourbon donut, not as good, but still no where near a bad donut. I swear the donuts were not this good when I tasted them three years ago, maybe they improved their recipe or maybe my tastes improved over time, who knows! But I will definitely be back to eat more of these donuts! Price wise, they are $3 and on the more expensive end, but with the quality and size I can justify a six pack when I've got special company over or when I'm just looking to develop diabetes and cover up my emotions with food. Decor is super cool, eclectic - I'm talking different artsy animal heads on the wall, pink flamingo wallpaper in the women's bathroom, and a leather couch for when you wanna be Ron Burgundy. The guy who did the "Prince eating a donut" street art in Ohio City/Hingetown also did the "Breaking Bad dudes eating donuts" wall art. All in all, good donuts and chill environment. I recommend you check this place out (open mornings and evenings). I did take off a star because there was no board saying what donut flavors were available for the day and because people who came in after me to get to-go orders were taken care of before I was while sitting at the bar. However the guy working (the owner?) was personable.
Alright, here is the down-low, I've been going to Melt since 2010 when they opened their Cleveland Heights location and have since been to the Lakewood, Mentor, and Independence locations numerous times. At the beginning I ate there way too often and have had most of their menu (and they have experimented with many different menus and monthly specials over the years), but then I kind of got burnt out. Melt took away the coleslaw, the prices seemed to get higher and higher, food quality seemed to lessen as they expanded, and there was the unfortunate experience with that clambake melt in 2014. (This sandwich was so bad I left Lakewood Melt a 1 start review along with completing their receipt survey. Their director of operations put aside a $20 gift card for me towards a future purchase and it took me over a year to use it).After that terrible experience I have tried Melt 3 times since (New Bomb Turkey, Winner Chicken Dinner, Voodoo Chicken) and I feel okay enough now to give them a higher rating. The food has been good and portion sizes have been big enough to split into two meals for me. Doing so also wards off feeling too much disgust and regret. I mean, sometimes I spend the $3 to upgrade to a side salad instead of fries, other times I really love the unsalted fries dipped in that rosemary garlic aioli stuff mmm. Staff has been friendly and helpful when I don't have my Big Cheese Club card on me but still want to add my purchase towards my points. Incredibly loud inside. Went here for lunch to celebrate a co-worker's birthday and it was hard to hear what the people at my table were saying. Last remark: it's unfortunate Melt has entered into money hungry chain status with ten locations in NEO and Columbus now. Maybe I am being a salty brat, but I just don't view them as a cool unique Cleveland restaurant anymore, they're turning into a hipster Mr. Hero (better tasting than Mr. Hero, but still).
I know I just ate out yesterday, but whatev's, I have no shame. Somebody needs to explore all of these food establishments! I am taking one for the team! My cholesterol is good so bring on another fried oreo! Just kidding! My nutritionist is gonna be pissed. So I've heard about the J Gumbo's located downtown and it's been on my list to try so imagine my excitement when I discovered there's a location down the road from my work! A couple co-workers and I headed on out for lunch. This place is located in the plaza behind Wendy's and the Shell gas station on Rockside road. It's a bit newer as I think it opened up December 2014 so inside is relatively nice with a bar and some neat artwork on the walls (that crab painting has a Van Gogh quality to it). I also liked how they were playing some music by Tab Benoit. The lady at the register was friendly and when we walked in she had just brought out a tray of little samples for the customers in front of us to try. That is awesome! I am always so indecisive so I think it's great when a place let's you try a couple things to help you make up your mind. You can't always just ask about the items because staff will typically say "Oh everything is good".I decided to do a mix and get two entrees in one bowl for $8.95. Half was the Crawfish touffe  and the other half the Bourbon Street Chicken (each bowl also comes with a piece of buttered French bread). One thing I need to mention is that when I asked for a cup for water I was given a regular sized cup! Not a tiny plastic baby cup! Thank you!! We were given plastic order number cards and sat down at a high top table where a staff member would bring out our dishes when ready. We didn't wait very long, maybe 5 minutes max. The food looks appealing and they definitely give you a decent sized portion that will fill you up. The flavors were great too. First bite of the thick/mushy touffe and I was like "eh", but it grew on me and I really enjoyed the spiciness of it. Definitely made me drink a lot of water! I found there to be an adequate amount of sauce to cover all of my white rice, and although the crawfish meat was not overly abundant, there were some good chunks of it. The bourbon was on the mild side and had a sweet taste to it which I enjoyed. Lots of chicken in this dish. I think mixing the two really aided in making this meal so great because it then wasn't lacking in sauce or meat like other reviewers mentioned. The only minor downside to our experience was that the food came out somewhat lukewarm, so my only suggestion would be to turn up temperature a little bit. Also, this isn't really a complaint, but I did notice we were just about the only women in the place. Lots of men; maybe they are more inclined to eat a heartier lunch than women?After we were done with our meals, what appeared to be the owner or manager came over and took away our plates, graciously accepted our compliments about the food, and gave us $2 off coupons to share with our other co-workers. Overall we all enjoyed our meals and I would definitely come back!
Popped in one evening to grab some take-out for dinner. Staff was friendly. Restaurant was empty, but it was early. I went with the...*Chicken Tikka Masala $13.95 - Very good! And huge portion. I got 2.5 VERY filling meals out of this. Only note is that I got the mild and I still thought it was a little spicy, I am a weak one though. *Garlic Naan $2.95 - Excellent for scooping up my entre and delivering tastiness to my mouth!*Mixed Vegetable Platter $9.95 - It was just okay. Order is enough for two people. Slight issue with the samosa but quick response from management resolved things. All in all I would go back to try some other items, and I have even more options if I check out their Namaste restaurant. One serves Northern Indian food and the other Southern Indian food.
Going to update my review because the rude man I talked to on the phone at Midas apologized to me in person the next day when I came in for an oil change. In his own words he said he was being an "ass". I give credit to anyone who can own up to their mistakes/bad behavior and apologize for it. He acted professionally in person and handled my cars oil change in a timely manner.
I've been boycotting the cafeteria at work (because it's overpriced crap), but today I caved when a co-worker introduced me to Chennai Delicacy. Apparently every Thursday they come into my work with an entree that is freaking delicious! Forgive me for not knowing what I ate, but I will try my best to describe it to you. For $7 I got a huge portion of spicy yellow basmati rice with chicken and cauliflower in it, this thin broth like sauce with chunks of chicken in it, and some fresh diced cucumbers and tomatoes in a milky sauce. The latter was cool and refreshing which matched perfectly with the spiciness of the rice and chicken. Literally so much good food that I want to crawl under my desk and take a nice nap. The guy serving it was really nice too!I will definitely stop by again on a Thursday to see what they have to offer! If they could  bring in some South-Indian flatbread with the entrees I'd give then 5 stars.
Coming here is a gamble, that's probably why they have you sign a waiver acknowledging that it is a teaching school and that you will not be serviced by a professional. They also tell you up front that a haircut could take two hours. I knew all of this and read the reviews where some had a great experience and some had chunks of their hair missing. I figured if the students are at the stage where they are practicing on people then they should have a decent idea of what they are doing. So I took the risk and went in for a cut. Luck was not on my side. Showed up for my 9:30am appointment and the place was hopping. I browsed the makeup and hair care displays while others arriving after me were taken back. After 20 minutes I inquired about my appointment. Apparently my student was running a little late and when she came out she kind of just stood there and stared at me while the receptionist introduced us, twice. Off to an awkward start. Back at her station she told me about the Brown Aveda experience, products they offered, and we discussed what I wanted done; basically just a good trim/reshaping and I even brought several pictures of myself with my hair trimmed and styled. Simple. We started things off with her having me sniff three sticks then her applying whatever one smelled the best to my scalp and attempting to give me a scalp massage. She said that she had been cutting hair for 7 months out of the year long program, but there was a lot of her looking things up on her tablet, flipping through papers, jotting down notes and quickly stepping away to ask a question or grab something. Next we went to the wash room where she shampooed my hair, put in a hydrating mask, put some oily products on my face, wrapped a warm towel around my face, awkwardly massaged my arms and hands with oily lotion, then rinsed my hair. I was in there for such a long time that my neck hurt from laying on that sink for so long. Back at her station she gets approval from an instructor to start cutting my hair. Fast forward to almost 4pm and I've been at this place over SIX HOURS. At first I tried reading magazines and chatting a little, but a couple hours in my body started shutting down from sitting there so long, that I just started staring desperately at everyone and praying they could understand the "Help me!" brain signals I was sending out. All of the other students around me were on their second or third customer after taking a long lunch break. I was trying to be understanding and patient, my student was nice, but this girl had no idea what she was doing. I kept looking for a way out, but I didn't think I could make a dash for the door without causing a scene so I stayed, and died a little inside. When it came time for the student to step away and the reviewer to come by and discuss my experience, I had tears in my eyes. I get that this is a teaching school, and while three different instructors came by to give advice (or actually stepped in to cut my hair themselves), none of them stopped to ask me how things were going or if I was fine sitting there for over six hours. Maybe I should have stood up and complained right away, but I don't have that kind of personality and I wanted to give this girl a chance; I kept hoping it would end up okay. It was a pretty bad experience and my hair reflected that. The cut was choppy and uneven, there were so many products in my hair that it looked like I hadn't washed it in two weeks and the fumes were giving me a headache. The reviewer said she had heard about what was going on (so apparently the instructors were talking about it), apologized, did not charge me, offered to have another stylist wash and style my hair and asked that I don't let one bad experience ruin my view of their institute. I declined her offer and instead swiftly made my way out the door and headed home where I took some Ibuprofen and scrubbed my hair twice. I can't give this place one star because I went in knowing it was a teaching school. However, I did expect the instructors to be more hands on and observant of their students and the customers. I came in for a simple trim and it never should have have taken over six hours. Instead of focusing on selling products and the free "perks", Brown Aveda needs to focus on teaching it's students how to master cutting hair.
What an awesome hidden gem of deliciousness! Seriously though, if you did not know about this place you would just drive on past it, very unassuming. Inside is very plain as well, just the kitchen and a couple spots to sit if you want. I mean, that's okay by me though, great food beats out fancy dcor any day! Only negative is that during the summer prepare for boob sweat inside because it is freaking warm up in there! But to be fair, I think most older buildings in Lakewood don't have central A/C (or don't use it, or I am just a sweaty beast). I only saw one man working, and I assume he is the owner. He seems a little gruff, but he'll crack a smile or let out a little chuckle so no worries. Prices are pretty great! They range from $2-$13, so you're definitely getting great food at a low price (definitely no trendy markups here).-Chicken Shawarma $8.95: Marinated sliced up chicken over what appeared to be a form of dirty rice with some veggies mixed in. Came with pickles, garlic sauce, and a lettuce/tomato salad. The main dish was a bit oily, but very good!! Garlic dip was perfect and not overpowering. -Veggie Sampler $6.95: Hummus, 2 grape leaves, 2 falafel, tabouli, and pita bread. Falafel was excellent! Everything was pretty tasty, just again, a little too much oil for me so I had to dab it off. -Spinach & Feta Pie $2.50: Big, cheap, and very good! He was out of desserts or otherwise I would have tried one of those as well. So glad I decided to check this places out! Can't wait to go home tonight and eat some leftovers! Mmm
Went here during the week around lunch time with some co-workers and this place is definitely A-OK! The inside is a lot more modern with a ton more space than the original location and if you're into sports you'll love the twenty or so TV's everywhere (maybe that is why 85% of the patrons where men? Or men just really like their meat?). I got the lighter version of the corned beef reuben and it did not disappoint with it's grilled rye bread, sauerkraut, swiss cheese and buttery smooth corned beef (you'll get the thousand island dressing on the side). Even the lighter version has enough meat for 1 1/2 sandwiches! But don't think that isn't included in the price; you're looking at $11.50 for just a sandwich with half a pickle spear so don't come here looking for a cheap food deal. Oh and if you pay in cash you won't get coins for change as the waiter only has paper money -  I thought this was weird, but I guess it's an accepted practice.Overall I would come back!
Yay! This place has definitely improved since they first opened! Very glad I stopped in recently to give them another try. This time I tried the pick four sampler. I was told that normally they don't let you double up on the meats, but my server was kind enough to appease me and let me order ribs, ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The pulled pork and brisket looked to be about a quarter of a pound each and my double order of ribs came out to 4 bones. The meal also included 3 sides of which I chose the baked beans, coleslaw, and mac & cheese. A little loaf of cornbread along with some pickles and onions topped off the sampler platter for $22. I also got the smoked jalapenos at $5. Now for the details. I thought the texture of all of the meats was great! The pulled pork and brisket were definitely moist and tender, the rib meat pulled off the bone nicely, and you could see that slight pink smoke ring on all of the meats. Also, nothing was overloaded with fat this time and nothing was dried out either. My only small complaint would be that they are heavy handed with the black pepper. The ribs and brisket had a mushy black pepper crust on them that I actually started to wipe off towards the end. I love black pepper, but I found the amount of this spice to be overwhelming here. The quality of the meat is so good though that I would gladly eat it again, I would just scrape off the crust at the beginning. For the sides they come in about 4oz? containers. I could be wrong on the size, but basically they are decent portions, nothing skimpy here. I thought the mac & cheese was cooked perfectly! The right amount of noodle to cheese sauce ratio. The baked beans come with peppers, pineapple, and meat (bits of fat). Kind of a smokey, spicy, sweet flavor, but good. The coleslaw is still not the best, seemed like a mixture between a cream and vinegar sauce with a lot of black pepper. Edible, but I have had better. The loaf of cornbread has improved a million times compared to that dried out little muffin they first served. Not sweet or gritty, but still pretty good. The texture was dense and moist. The smoked jalapenos were good, nothing outstanding, but good. They are peppers stuffed with a creamy cheese mixture then topped with smoked bacon. A nice accompaniment to your meal. Overall I think Woodstock does pretty well with the things that matter most to me in regards to BBQ (quality of meat, mac & cheese, and cornbread). I also think that the price is affordable and I got two hearty meals out of my sampler platter. They now rank towards the top of my BBQ list and I would gladly try them out again.
Went here with a bunch of friends and we all thought the food was cheap and plain. Would not go back.
I see some Yelper's are not feeling the love for Forage, but that's okay, this is why I highly suggest people read a couple of reviews to get a mix of opinion before they decide to check a place out or not. Everyone has different tastes and different experiences. I went with a group of eight and I personally really enjoyed what Forage had to offer!Forage is in the old Pacers space on the first level of the tall Lakewood Center North building. You can catch free parking after 6pm along the street or in a lot next door. The decor is simple, clean, and they have a gas (or fake) fireplace in one corner that looks cozy. I had reservations so there was no wait (but it was a week night so you could definitely just walk in and get a table no problem). No issues with service - I thought it was pretty standard, they gave us space to enjoy our meal and chat, but it's not like we had to flag them down for everything either. For the food I did get to sample a couple of appetizers:-Farmer Lee Jones Beets $13 - One guest really liked this dish. I thought it was okay, could have used some pepper to season it and some more feta. -Poutine $10 - Came in a big bowl so plenty to share. I did like that they were fresh cut fries and they used cheese curds (instead of cheapening the dish with shredded cheese), but I thought it could have used more gravy (you're supposed to eat this with a knife and fork, not your fingers).-Devils on Horseback $9 - Simply delicious! Only three in an order, but really tasty and big enough that you can't pop a whole one in your mouth. Definitely spurge and get this!-Daily Oysters on the Half Shell $? - First time trying. Not a bad taste... more of a weird texture. Not my thing. -Stuffed Pasture Raised Eggs $9 - This was another really tasty item with six in an order. I tend to stay away from deviled eggs because I think they'd just be simple and bland, but these were so creamy and mmm good. For main dishes:-I got the Open Faced BBQ Pork at $13 and really enjoyed it! I was happy to see it wasn't a tiny portion, but instead nicely sized so you don't miss not having a side and you can share a couple bites with others. I'm a firm believer that shredded pork tastes better with a crunchy slaw and this did not disappoint as it also had crispy onions on it. The pork had some sweetness to it and the cornbread was slightly moist. I'd get this again for sure. -Ohio Beef Burger $9 for plain - One guest said they had this in the past and it was one of the best burgers they'e had. Just watch out for all of the additional charges for each topping you add. -Bahn Mi $10 - I only had a small bite of this, and honestly I don't remember too much about it besides that it smelled good and that you'd have to have a secure set of teeth to rip the bread. It comes with kettle chips, but you can upgrade to pommes frites with garlic, rosemary and aioli. (Love me some aioli!).-Rainbow Trout $17 - Two guests got this and the overall opinion seemed to be that it was okay, but a little lackluster. Two guests did get dessert: Single Origin Belgian Chocolate Creme $9, and they both seemed to really enjoy it. I was just way too stuffed for dessert, but I will definitely be back to try some! Their craft beer menu is not that impressive, but hey, they still had some and I was there to eat not be a snob about my drinks. To sum it up, I think Forage has some really great dishes that your taste buds will enjoy, but like every restaurant, they are going to have some "just okay" dishes as well. Perhaps I lucked out with my choices. I think going out with a pleasant enjoyable group of people also has an impact on your dining experience. I really have nothing that bad to say that would cause me to give this place lower stars. It is a little pricey, but still affordable depending on what you choose and the portions are decently sized. Besides, I don't know about you, but I'd rather pay a little more for a place that buys their goods locally and tries to make everything in house instead of getting everything pre-made, in cans or frozen.
I showed up on a Sunday morning wanting something to help with my Zombie like state. They have a drive thru but I decided to park and come inside since it was my first time there. The staff was friendly especially when trying to comprehend my "I just woke up" mumbling. I am not a coffee drinker, but I do enjoy tea so I got myself a Chai Latte with whip cream. It was ready within minutes and at the condiment station I added some cinnamon and a drizzle of honey. Oh. My. Gosh. DELICIOUSNESS in my mouth! It was $3.50 for a small, but quite the little treat for my Sunday morning.
Mary is great! She made me feel very comfortable and she was so friendly! Definitely moved to my #1 spot for waxing!
I'm originally from Vancouver and I was brought to this place as a "must-see" by my friends when I was visiting. There was no wait period, which was good, but the hostess brought us in, promptly told us there was no room and told us to wait by the bar and that the next table to clear up in the corner was going to be ours. Okay, super. We waited for about ten minutes, and when the table was clear, we went to go sit but another group argued with us. They had a group of 10 and we had a group of 4, so there was no way they would have fit anyways. A waitress came up to us and rudely told us that she had no choice but to seat them first because they had a larger group (even though the group was just overall much too big for the booth). While we tried to tell her what the hostess told us, the hostess herself was nowhere to be found! We told the waitress we would just leave and as we exited the bar, the hostess was STANDING OUTSIDE, CHIT CHATTING WITH THE BOUNCER. Total inexcusable behaviour from all the staff. Next time I'm in Montreal? I'll pass on Suwu.
I don't see what the point of me making an appointment was for. I've been waiting for over an hour at this point, I'm so disappointed. Especially while I'm in pain this just pisses me off.
One star is far too generous. I booked with this hotel, and came allllll the way to Nevada just to see a specific performer they host. Come to find out the show was cancelled. We received no notification, they just refunded us our tickets without even telling us. Not to mention, they did this on the last day to cancel... Not that it mattered because we weren't notified of any changes! They didn't even tell us the show was cancelled when we checked in. It was my moms 50th birthday and they ruined it for her. And finally, when we told them we had an issue, they offered a very sad excuse for compensation. NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN.
The leasing office is not the same without Yolanda there! She was always was so fun to see and so welcoming! She gave great customer service and urgency to any need requested! You are missed!!!
I've come to this Starbucks for the past four years because it is the closest one to me. I've always had good service but a recent visit left me with "happy" tears. I was stopping by to get a coffee early one cloudy morning. I was on my way towards the funeral of a close co worker. As I went inside a man asked me how my day was going. After telling him what i'd be attending in a short period of time he looked at me and told me that I was doing the best thing anyone could do for my deceased friend. That being there to support his family and sharing memories would be the best gift his family could receive. After a shared smile and nod of agreement he told me life was valuable and that he hoped I had a better day. Best experience i've had from that store.
Came here on a Friday afternoon. My boyfriend ordered hot wings and I got the classic chicken wrap with fries. The environment here is an older crowd. Seemed very masculine. The outside patio area seems outdated and is usually filled with lots of smokers. I felt a bit of that snuck inside. There are lots of tvs and our waitress was nice. Food was okay and service was quick. Nothing amazing but not bad. If you're just grabbing a beer and want typical bar food this will suffice.
Had the ABSOLUTE worst experience at LoLos. My family has been fans of LoLos for a few years now. When the location opened up in Gilbert we were overjoyed and frequent this location. I had family in town from Sacramento and we decided to take them to LoLos for the first time. I had assumed this would be a safe recommendation since we have been here so often. I don't know what part of this story is worse. The fact my boyfriend found a hair on his waffle or my cousin finding a MOTH in her chicken tender plate. We were all mortified! The server was so embarrassed and said she would take the plates off of our check. As someone who works in customer service I was mostly disappointed in the manager who came over to us. All he said was "Hey guys I heard we had some unpleasant experiences with our plates. I'm sorry about that." That was it!! How could you just shrug it off that there was not only a dead moth in our food but hair as well! We are never going to LoLos again which is really disappointing considering it was a favorite of ours. Really hope they get their stuff together.
Ordered the St.Patricks Mint with Gummy Bears and Chocolate Chips. The medium is the perfect size for after dinner. The staff was very friendly and the location was clean. Try the salted caramel too! It was to die for. Reasonably priced for all that you get for it. A medium size will get you three toppings. This location has great outdoor seating too.
Just got my hair cut by Jennifer. I usually go to Becca but she was unavailable the day I needed to come in. Jennifer gave me a cut and color. Touched up my roots and was able to cut my hair to the frame of my face. It looks so flattering! She even asked how I prefer my hair styled and curled it just the way I liked. Such great attention to detail and what I want. She recommended some wonderful product for my dry hair and I've been using the Bumble&Bumble product called Hairdresser. This has helped my hair so much. By the end of the day my hair still feels so healthy and comfortable. Thank you Jen for the recommendation!!
I was here eight months ago and wow have things changed. Prices are high and service is pathetic. This place is not going to last. I paid for oil change and detailed wash. I still saw water marks on my windows. My center consoles or cup holders were not looked at once with a cloth or vacuum. I should've just done it myself for this type of service. Stay away and spend your money elsewhere!
Came here to celebrate two of my friends birthdays and watch the basketball game. Got a nice table with a perfect view of the tvs. Unfortunately the service was poor. The gentleman who served us was nice and seemed to be trying but was forgetting our ordered constantly. I asked for water twice and never received it. Do not eat the happy hour nachos or tacos. First off they're $5.99 and taste like a child put them together. The nachos had something similar to cheese whiz on them with raw whole chunk tomatoes dropped on top sprinkled with pepper. Okay? Tacos were tiny with almost no flavor. Next time I'll just go next door and receive better food and service.
Came in during happy hour on a Wednesday. Was immediately greeted by friendly staff. Informed it was half off wine bottles for happy hour and four dollar premium beers. We ordered the Italiana Mamas award winning other pizza which includes feta on top and have Get Meaty. We got our drinks within the first few minutes. We ordered a Lagunitas IPA and Nitro stout. The pizza was amazing! So flavorful and rich. The Get Meaty was a bit too much meat for me but my boyfriend loved it. This will be my new go to pizza place ! Best pizza in Arizona.
Let's start with the good. I came here with my boyfriend on a Thursday night and there was no wait. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the patio seating is relaxing. The staff was all extremely helpful and friendly. Being Mexican American I have an idea of what Mexican food should taste like. I ordered the pork enchilada with red sauce. First, they served us chips and salsa. Nothing was hot or spicy. Very very mild and not very flavorful. I asked for hotter salsa and received a slightly less boring taste with the new batch. Not impressed. Our food soon arrived and I was starving! The red sauce on my enchilada was another big miss. It was so boring and plain. No favors what so ever. Wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. Hope they take another look at their menu and try to make it more traditional to Mexican flavoring.
Came in here last Sunday around eleven knowing it was going to be a wait. I was quoted 45-60 minutes but I was prepared. I decided to hang out by the bar and wait for a spot to watch the football game. I've heard nothing but amazing reviews here and have been wanting to try Snooze for a long time. I waited for about twenty minutes until two seats freed up for me and my girlfriend. We both ordered the Benny Duo and a Spicy Bloody Mary. I was craving a Bloody Mary all week and boy did snooze deliver. It was spicy enough to keep it interesting and I ordered two more! The food was out of this world good! Best breakfast in Arizona! I haven't had Benny's this good in Arizona EVER. We also had two bartenders who were clearly swamped with people but catered to us every few minutes. They were positive and cracking jokes with one another. Made it pleasant to be next to. They were amazing. Highly recommend snooze!! I love the up beat music and the modern style. Definitely a hip place to take your date out for brunch. I preferred the bar area because the backyard seemed to be where all the kids were. No thanks! Will come back lots and lots more!
Wow this place has really gone down hill. I've been going here since it first opened and I had my worst experience yet. I went to watch a postseason baseball game after work and sat at a table by myself. It was beautiful outside so I sat at the patio and about five minutes later the bartender comes by and tells me I can't wait the baseball game from here. He said something was wrong with the TVs. I thought oh okay that's odd and went inside. There seemed to be six-seven TVs Inside and one is black, the TV in the center is busted and playing an intermittent signal, and onlyTwo have the baseball game on. The rest are playing a weight loss infomercial. I thought to myself, no wonder why this place is no longer packed on a Saturday night. The people wanting to grab a beer and watch a few games went to Blue32, Gordon, or even Thirsty Lion now. What a waste! There was maybe five Cuba fans crowded by the working TVs. Don't you guy realize we are in a Mecca for baseball fans with spring training and etc? Maybe you'd capitalize on all of us if you actually played the games in an entertaining atmosphere? I'd be shocked to see this continue this way come NHL/NBA/NFL season. They were also playing sad 90s alternative music which was a downer on the entire Saturday night mood. I was so disappointed. Also, my server only started checking on me once my boyfriend had arrived. That is so obnoxious because I'm the one with the money. Why do you think I won't order food or beer by myself while I waited for him? Who knows.  I hope you guys really turn things around because you do tend to carry the best beer variety and had great servers before. Bring them back!
Everything I've been looking for in a gym. I've been a member of both LA Fitness and Lifetime Fitness and EOS hasn't disappointed yet. I signed up for this location back in November and for 17$ a month it hits the spot on exactly what I was looking for. They have plenty of cardio machines. TVs. An open turf section great for crossfit style workouts. A theater room with amazing movies like Batman, Back to the Future etc playing and there's tons of cardio machines in there. The women's locker room is extremely clean with plenty of room to shower, get ready for your day, or just pop in and out. They have classes you can sign up for of all kinds. A pool which is now open and soon they will have the Saunas open. I can't wait! What I love about this gym is the staff is friendly. It's never too crowded. And everyone is in there to have an awesome workout. There aren't people standing around hanging out like at LA fitness. For the price you can't beat it.
Made an appointment for Tuesday morning. I received an amazing fill/pedi! Danny was my nail tech and I had described I wanted an almond shape with a fall grey color. He kept asking me if the shape was right and it came out perfect! I got the luxury pedicure and it was so calming. My feet were massaged thoroughly and I felt ten times lighter afterwards. This will be my new nail spot.
Visited Blue Adobe Grille due to a groupon my mom had found. I showed up with my parents and got sat down immediately. We all ordered margaritas and the chorizo stuffed chicken. The food was out before you know it alongside wonderful customer service. I couldn't have asked for anything more. I know I will be bringing my boyfriend and his family in soon so they could be aware of this awesome restaurant.
Everything about the store is average forever 21. What made this experience horrible for me was the customer service.  I usually go to the one at San Tan Village but I was in the area. A gentleman was folding clothes by a pair of pants I wanted. Being in retail for six years myself I know to always be polite. I asked him if he could please excuse me while I reached by him to find a medium size. He paused and said yes. When I went to reach he didn't move once and started folding a shirt in which he almost hit me with. I couldn't believe him! It's not like it was closing time and I was interrupting. He didn't bother to help me find the size I needed. He in fact completely ignored me and nonverbal made a statement i was not welcome. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. I immediately left. Don't expect me back there.
I've come here a few times before diamondbacks games and have always loved the outdoor bar and music. This was the first time I've come for food before a Suns game. My boyfriend had never been and I know he would enjoy the inside decor. It's covered inside with music and spots memorabilia. The bar inside is huge and great if you're stopping by for a drink. On this day I wanted something lighter than the pork or beef dishes they're known for. I went with a simple buffalo grilled chicken wrap and iced tea. Our server was nice although I'm not a huge fan of the "slumpy" dress code with the lazily drawn on makeup to mimic Alice Cooper. I get it but it just didn't look put together. I digress because the food is what matters. My buffalo grilled chicken wrap was very boring. I wished they would add more buffalo sauce because all I was eating was chicken and tortilla. Even the chicken could've used some basic taste like salt and pepper. The fries were great as accepted since their food is centered around being fried. If you go here don't expect a lighter/healthier dish to taste good. Suck it up indulge in the wings and a beer. They taste way better.
Ordered Jets pizza half Super Special and half Hawaiian. My boyfriend and I ordered a small because the woman over the phone said it would be great for two people. Now I will say I have never had deep dish pizza and I'm pretty much an Arizona native. I do not know what "real" deep dish pizza is supposed to be like. With that being said, this pizza was so delicious! The super special is equivalent to "the works" or combo style. The toppings were extremely tasty and I loved that the crust was slightly burnt. Added that stone burn taste to it that really takes it to the next level. Not at all greasy either which I was surprised. I did wish there was more sauce because most of the bite you take is of bread but maybe that's how deep dish is supposed to be? I was kinda bumped that they only delivered within three miles because this area is very much farm land and there's a lot of us that are further down the road. Anyway I would recommended jets pizza to anyone who is looking for a full belly and plans on staying in afterwards because man you'll be full!
Went to Saltys after seeing Giants baseball practice last Wednesday. Our server was incredibly helpful! My mom and I told her we didn't like very sugary margaritas and she recommend us to try the watermelon margarita. After she learned we loved spice she brought over pieces of vodka soaked jalapeos to put inside our drinks. Wow such an amazing and fresh combination. Our tacos were amazing and went down fast. Would highly recommend! Quick service and helpful staff.
This is the second time I've been here and everyone is always so friendly. The donuts are AMAZING! The iced coffee is very sweet, similar to DD on the sweet level. This time I ordered a hot medium coffee and a donut. Came out less than three dollars. Great pricing and great quality. I'd highly recommend the pumpkin glaze donut! So amazing!
I've never been to the Tempe location but I love everything I have ever received at the Dobson location. When I walked in the first thing I noticed was that it was warm and although it was very busy the kitchen seemed chaotic and messy. When I approached the counter to order a flustered employee explained their systems were down and they had to manually type in all card information. I didn't mind I was in no rush. I ordered the Kali Mist sub and a drink. I'm not sure if that was a meal or anything but I didn't receive chips in which I'm pretty sure I paid for. The employee was very flustered with the payment machine so the minute she finished with my card she handed me the table sign and rushed off. We sat down and at first the place seemed dirty but I quickly realized there was only one employee out cleaning all the tables eagerly and checking up on customers. That was a comforting feeling because I was afraid this location would be like that all the time. Another employee walked by and I asked her about my meal and If it's chips and a drink and she seemed confused by my question and told me to ask the employee who rang me out and walked away. Well that employee wasn't out on the floor anymore so I didn't bother. Customer service seemed a bit off but oh well. The amazing tasting sub made up for it. If you order the Kali Mist beware. It has lots of fresh jalapeos so you're in for some kick. Beware if you don't like it that way.
The sushi rolls tasted fresh and great. We ordered crunch and Vegas rolls with a glass of Malbec on the side. The patio is spacious and has a calm atmosphere. Good place to go on a date with someone. My only complaint is the service. On Valentine's there was very little staff and our server outside was also bartending inside. This meant our food came out almost at the same time as our drinks. I tried asking a hostess who walked by where our drinks were and she passed on by. Felt invisible in the corner of the patio.
Holy crap. Why have I never been here before? It's Friday night and I'm craving something and boy did I get what I asked for. My family ordered Pad Thai with Chicken and shrimp. Fried rice with shrimp on the side and everything had medium sauce. I like spicy food. I like hot. I figured medium would be a safe bet. Our order took about an hour which was perfectly fine. Food was delivered when promised and properly labeled. One might into my medium spice chicken pad Thai and I was woken up. It's been fifteen minutes since I finished it and my is still on fire. My nose is running and my breathing is slow. But all of this in a good way! Haha man was I pleasantly surprised. Everything was so delicious. My father and I went for seconds it was so good. HIGHLY recommend to any Thai food lover. This place doesn't mess around.
I first heard about Greenfields from a coworker who has been going there for sometime. I decided after a much needed fill and two cracked nails I would check this place out myself. Knowing I wanted stiletto nails I called ahead of time to make sure I got the right person. When I arrived I was greeted by everyone who was working and immediately felt at ease. David was my nail tech and I was helped the minute I walked in. He was friendly, fast, and efficient. Constantly checking on me to make sure I was comfortable. Another reason why I loved David was because he kept asking me questions to ensure it was the shape and style I wanted. I was in and out a little after an hour with the most beautiful nails! I would recommend this place and David anytime. Great environment!
This gelato is a MUST HAVE. Salted Carmel and mint chocolate chip is my favorite. So refreshing and light. I always get the two flavors in a medium sized up. Don't let the line to get in fool you! These employees work fast and efficiently with a smile the whole way.
Blaze is a new modern and hip build your own pizza place. I loved the atmosphere and fresh style. When you first walk in you're greeted by friendly employees! I asked for the Vine speciality style pizza with added spinach and olives. It was really neat to see them put everything together. They offer delicious variations of tea and lemonade which were all very tasty. What I loved about blaze is their crust is crispy and the sausage on my pizza was so amazing! The entire time I sat there employees would check in to ask how everything was. What great customer service! They also have four peaks on tap and great craft bottled beer. This too was a pleasant surprise. I'd chose Blaze over MOD or Pieology anytime! Excited to see them branch out to other locations.
My coworkers have been trying to get me to try OrangeTheory for over a year now. I was aways hesitant because of how expensive it is. I'm not new to working out but I wasn't seeing any results with my normal routine. I decided to try the free class to see if it would help motivate me to tone up. The way you become introduced to the club is unlike any experience I've had at a gym. They wrote my name outside to welcome me to my first session. Kylie, the front desk employee, thoroughly explained what the class would look like and how it works. She provided me with a heart rate monitor for my chest and introduced me to Rob who was teaching my class. Rob walked me through what a basic class would look like and asked if there was anything I was working on. I told him I'm a runner and am trying to gain muscle. Running has always kept me thin but I wanted to look and feel strong all over. With that being said I had the best time ever. The groups are small-medium and contain people of every size and age. I see really fit people to people who are starting their fitness journey. No one is watching you workout everyone is their working on their own fitness goals which makes it less intimidating for people like me who never really learned how to lift weights properly and etc. Rob and April are my go to trainers and always hold me accountable. If you're looking at joining make sure you talk to your trainers that way they can make your workout more customizable for you. These classes aren't black and white. You really determine what your workout will look like. A month in and I already am noticing a difference in my body. I recommend getting to a point where you can go 4-5 times a week. Make sure you listen to your body because mine definitely went through a shock the first week. Be open about your goals and I promise you will be surrounded by nothing but positivity at OrangeTheory. Can't wait to see what I look like two more months in.
Came here with my family after seeing Yelp reviews. This is less than ten miles from my house but I had never been. My grandma is a second generation Mexican American in need of some good Mexican food. We are always hesitant when in east Mesa when looking for good Mexican food. This place did not disappoint. First off their happy hour is until seven and all Mexican beers are three dollars. I ordered the Chili Rojo de Pollo. It was amazing!! The chicken was shredded beautifully and spicy enough to keep me going but not spicy enough I was overheating. I couldn't eat enough of it. It came with rice beans and a tortilla. Service was great and pleasant. Food came out fast. This is a spot I will definitely come to again.
I've heard people raving about this place! Everything is supposed to be fresh and savory. I happened to be in the area so I decided to give it a try. It was about 5pm on a weekday and the drive thru line was packed. I took that as a good side and was excited to order. I decided to try the southwest salad and add chicken. The order process was fast and efficient. Drive in. Order. Drive out. I paid a little over 7 dollars and rushed home to eat. There are a few things that bothered me. There were way too many chick peas. It was overwhelming and I felt I couldn't taste much of anything else. This was basically a wrapped salad with chick peas and beets. Not much else I could taste. There was definitely no chicken either. Disappointed about my first experience and the amount of money I spent. Hope I'm impressed another time.
I've come in here plenty of times now and I've found my tattoo artist! Saraloni is amazing and creative. Absolutely understanding and patient. I'm almost finished with a full sleeve on my right arm from her and I couldn't be more happy. Every time I've walked in the staff has been friendly and courteous. Very professional and clean shop. I would highly recommend Club Tattoo Mesa and Saraloni.
I called ahead of time to look for a white 2009 Nissan Altima that I saw on ABC Nissans website. Kyle, who told me he was a manager, took my name and the model specifications. I told them I'd be making the drive from east Mesa to see this car. Once I arrived Brandon, a salesperson who was eager to help, greeted us. He had no recollection of any of the specifications I had asked for and none of it seemed to have been written down by Kyle. From the beginning I knew I was in for an experience. Brandon takes me out to the lot to show me a car that is almost completely irrelevant to the specifications I asked for. He also took my car keys while we looked at the lot for a similar Nissan. Brandon ensured in the office he had other options on the computer and would try to find this car. We sat down in a cubicle. Popcorn and what seemed to be dirt or left over food was all over the floor. I was already frustrated and feeling like I had wasted my time. Brandon apologized for the mess and scurried through the computer tabs along with the painfully slow internet. After the website wouldn't load he moved us to another cubicle that was equally as disgusting. Come to find out, there were no other options on the computer and I was an hour and a half in. Before I decided to leave he ensures me his manager found a car he thought I would like. I walk outside to see a 2012 blue Jetta. What is this?! How does your manager feel like this falls within what I was looking for? Visibility upset I tell Brandon I'm leaving. Brandon arrives with the manager and I told them I am not happy with this service. How I called ahead of time with what I wanted and had been shown nothing similar. They apologized and said they would give me a gas card for the drive. Fifteen minutes later they come back with the card and hand me my keychain. It is broken. I tell Brandon my keychain was not broken before hand. He apologized. I leave livid. Never coming back here to these incompetent people. Waste of my time!
Wow this place is my new favorite for tacos! The red carnitas were mind blowing. I made the mistake of adding mild hot sauce to the already existing spicy red sauce and those tacos had me shook. Beware the hot sauce. Everything is hot which is a plus if you're a spicy food nut like me but if you're not tread careful. I would recommend to ANYONE.
Hm. What did I like about this place? The service was good. Our server was polite and the indoor decode was nice. Everything was clean and orderly. The food, most importantly, was bad. So much cheese on everything. I ordered a chicken enchilada in red sauce and my boyfriend did too. The salsa was tomato paste like and the red sauce was very bland. This restaurant must serve to those who can't handle a wide range of spices. Everything blended into the same taste. By the end of our stay I had a huge clump of cheese on the side of my plate with just the small portion of chicken eaten. Probably won't ever go back.
Went to Modern Margarita to watch the ASU game at the beginning of the month. The best part of our experience was the bartender who educated me and my family on the different types of tequila they carry. Other than that this bar had a very "Dos Gringos" vibe. The food comes in smaller sizes and they are "OK". Wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
Where do I even begin? My wonderful experience started on the phone when I was calling to place an order. I forgot the woman's name who helped me which is upsetting because I called twice based on my indecisiveness on my order ha! She was so friendly and helpful as to my order. When my boyfriend and I arrived we picked up our pan pizza with pepperoni and sausage. We were greeted by all of the staff including the owner. The owner educated us on the different styles of pizza and their appetizers. It's so refreshing to arrive at a restaurant and receiving such service! It made me so much happier we had come and ordered from this local establishment. We chose to sit outside based on the beautiful weather at night here in Arizona. The patio area is very pleasant and I love the lightning. Everything both inside and out was so clean! Now to the food. The pan pizza is AMAZING. The sausage was so flavorful! As we were shoveling our faces with food the owner came out and asked us to try the fried zucchini and mozzarella sticks. Holy amazingness! They make everything fresh on site and you can taste it from the special cheese to the breading. I HIGHLY recommend you try an order of these. They are so good. Now the pizza fritz. I probably over indulged on those. It's soft and doughy sprinkled with powdered sugar. It's feels soft and pillow as you dunk it into a puddle of dark chocolate. Yes yes yes!  I can't wait to come back here and try the thin crust. Thank you guys!!
Ate here early Sunday morning and once I sat down I had experienced the worst smell in my life. I had realized my table was near the bathrooms and there was a very obvious sewage problem going on in there. I had lost my appetite and will never go back again.
Came here two weeks ago and got a fill. My acrylic nail set had only been two weeks old. When I got my fill recently each one of my acrylic nails chipped and fell apart. Each nail came off no problem and looked brittle! I was so shocked. I knew it wasn't right to half a nail pop off five days into my new set but whatever happened this time around put the nail in the coffin. I don't remember the gentleman's name who did my fill last but i remember him saying he was new. My coffin nail shape was different on each nail. The gels seemed uneven and caught on my clothes. I checked in with my coworker who goes there too to see how her last fill went and she showed me her thumb which was green! Not going here again!
Jon at elite nails was amazing and so friendly. I recommend him to anyone! I get stiletto nails. Short and more on the almond side. I called fifteen minutes before to see if they could squeeze me. They took me in no problem. Jon was my nail tech and was so fast and efficent. Great job!
Came in Friday afternoon to introduce my aunt to some downtown Gilbert restaurants. We sat at the bar and quickly made friends with all the bartenders who were more than eager to make our experience a pleasant one. We ordered the Queen enchilada, chile verde, and carnitas tacos. Everything was delicious! The chile verde tacos were by far all of our favorites. Light and flavorful. We ordered the skinny chola margarita and a dos Equis Amber in a chilled glass to perfection. Overall great atmosphere and the service was amazing! Kudos to Victor, the bartender from the bay, and the other bartender I did not catch her name but she had the perfect eyeliner. You guys are the best! Definitely coming back again.
Went here for the first time with my aunt and was very surprised. Its very spacious in here with lots of TVs around the bar. The food was a little pricier than normal but the servings are large and worth the money. Everything tasted great and lots of craft beers on tap. Will go back again!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I wish there was one closer to me in Gilbert. I only make it over here a few times a year but it's always tasty served with exceptional customer service. The environment is very pleasant and the employees are always cheerful. I get a soy mocha which is always rich and flavorful. Pastries are equally delicious. Can't wait to go again!
First time here and words can't express how happy my stomach is. So flavorful and tasty. Got the Madison Bumgarner and Barry Bonds. The MadBum honey is strong but agrees with the BBQ wonderfully. Barry Bonds is simple and satisfying. Love to see the taste of Northern California here in AZ. Will be back much more! Go Giants!
Was in desperate need for a fill after two and a half weeks and needed a new salon ASAP. I called during my lunch to see if I could come in before they closed once I was off work. I arrived at 6:30 and they were able to scramble a nail tech for me. I was so thankful when Sam came to help me with my nail needs. First thing first, this salon is beautiful! The music is upbeat and energetic. The staff was all friendly and smiled as I passed by. Even the owner was checking up on how everyone was doing. Sam quickly attended to my nails where we both discovered the last nail spa I attended had put on acrylics that we're brittle and practically fell off. Sam informed me I would desperately need a new set and because I was only expecting a fill he would make sure I was taken care of. He efficiently took off all my nails and placed beautiful new ones on. He was so patient and his attention to detail was amazing. He insured each nail was the same exact shape as the one next to it. He spent time buffing and filing while constantly compared the other hands set. I knew these were going to look perfect!! I asked for a coffin shape and a light pink shade. He did an amazing job!! I would recommend Sam to anyone!!! Thank you Pink Polish for letting me get in on such late noticed and thank you Sam for spending time past close to help me and my poor nails. I will be coming back!
Staff are helpful enough but there's always a queue for both personal and business banking when I go.  The instant cash pay in machine is worse than useless. It can't accept Clydesdale notes even although the staff insist it can. Last time I used it it swallowed 200 and they had to open it up to retrieve it (and I then had to wait in the queue to pay it in). Today it was the same story, the staff element who meets and greets couldn't get it to work and I watched from the queue as two other customers went through the same performance. There's little doubt that the bank is doing everything it can to discourage people from visiting branches or using cash (although the Bank of Scotland is no worse that the others in this regard).
I ate here the other day while passing through town. I have eaten at other Grimaldi's including the original in NY. This might be the best Pizza West of NY! I grew up in Boston and lived in NY. I know the difference between "great" and "good" pizza. If "Great" is what you seek, this is the place. In addition to the awesome pie, the service is very good. Super nice people. Wish they would open one up in SoCal!
Yes...it's true, I found this place after devouring 8 Krispy Kremes over the weekend!The visit was a detox!I searched for a place to dine where I would feel healthy and guilt-free after a weekend of indulgence, and I felt like I was dining with Bugs Bunny after I was served a heaping of fresh veggies...aka Crudits.Then came the fresh fruit "elixir"...the Cucumber & Honey Lemonade...awwwwOh, the Turkey Lasagna w/Spinach wasn't bad either.The servers were friendly, and the atmosphere refreshing - like the drinks (non-alcoholic...this time) ;-)Can't wait to go back!
The Home Fries are to die for!  No...the Chipotle Sausage is to die for!!!  Forget it...I died and went to breakfast heaven!You can tell the place is worth the try, by the lines and the fact that people are more than willing to wait.Nice local experience, worth the trip.I would definitely go back!Oh yea, they said goodbye to me by my first name...awww, they remembered (nice personal touch!)
The staff here were very friendly. However, what impressed me was the alternative choices on the menu. I found that black bean vegetarian burgers were available and that potato-based french fries could be substituted with green bean and carrots fries. It may cost a little more to eat healthier, but I think it's worth it. Now that I see this is not a typical burger joint, I think I may eat here more often.
This pet store is a little small, but they still carry a very good selection. Also, their staff are pretty friendly and willing to help. If you only care about the lowest price, then I suppose the big box stores will do. However I've come to depend on the higher quality service and the friendly atmosphere of this shop.
Great vegan food. I've decided that this is a very healthy choice for lunch and dinner when eating out. All their ingredients appear very fresh and expertly prepared. They also serve great juice blends and coffees, so this can also be a great place to hang out for a quick snack.Staff were super friendly. You can pay by card using Square on a cool swivel iPad. This place is really in tune with the modern age on many levels.Highly recommended if you're looking for healthy eats before heading over to see a movie at Harkins Superstition Springs, just down the road.
The best used bookstore in Phoenix, at least that's how I see it. Tons of books to browse through, along with magazines, records, and DVDs. They even have a large used music instrument section.If you've never been there, it's worth the trip. Highly recommend.
While some people may be picky about hair cuts, dudes seem to less so. I mean, as long as my ears are attached and my hair looks okay-- we're good.But seriously, I've been coming here for years. Never a problem. And their app to check in is pretty good. Has reduced my wait time considerably.
I'm happy to give GRPG a solid four stars. Our meals were piping hot, and the portions were quite large. Also, beer lovers will find their line up of beers to be quite good. I went for something a bit different, and got myself a pint of pear cider. It went very well with their braised pork which I think was cooked to perfection.
How could you not like Blue Man Group? It's a fantastic mix of electronic music and theatrical entertainment. While not deeply scientific, The show covers a number of interesting themes which I think are very interesting: Robotics, brain science, music and ... plumbing. These guys entertain with style.
There are only a few used bookstores left on the planet. I'm not sure how long Half Price will be able to hang on, as we enter the eBook era. However, they're worth visiting if you still want to have paper on your shelves. Friendly staff and a good selection make it a fun experience. They also have a decent size kids section, that my daughter enjoys hanging out in.
I just bought my second vehicle from this car dealership. My experience for both buying cars and getting service has always been positive.When it comes to cars, everyone seems to have their own philosophy. Personally, I believe that warranty service is now more important than ever. Whether it's a simple oil change or other required maintenance (there is no escaping it), I get exactly the service I need. And, having had different makes and models over the years, I think the prices are quite fair. In this respect, I think the value one gets from Infiniti is excellent.Buying a car is also rather painless. Sales people are friendly, and sticker prices are explained clearly. I suppose the Internet has helped a lot here, making car specs transparent. This dealership understands this, and does not mark up their cars too much or use any kind of pressure tactics as far as I can tell. I've found that I can always negotiate a good price, and make a decision without second-guessing.Overall, I give this dealership a higher rating and plan on buying my next car there.
On Valentine's day, they offer only a four course set menu. It was great. But under these conditions, I will need to update my review based on the normal menu. What did we have? Marscapone Bruschetta; Salad with gorgonzola, raisins and pine nuts; Hanger Steak, Salmon, and Airline Chicken Breast. For dessert we all shared a mixed selection: Mini Cannoli's, and Salted Carmel Cheesecake.In technical terms, I would sum-up the meal as follows: Yummy!
A nice hotel with a fairly good restaurant. Good for business dinners.Executive lounge is also pretty good. The quality of the breakfast was above average, and the staff were nice to get me soy milk for my coffee. Always nice to see Hotels stock healthier offerings.
A great buffet that offers a nice variety. Not only was the seafood very good, I was also happy with the non-seafood offerings too. The raw bar was great, and the sushi -- though not comparable to most sushi bars -- was good enough to make it worth your while. Finally, if you like Cajun, Chinese, or New England seafood, the Rio offers a wide assortment of flavors. In fact, the biggest problem is trying them all in one sitting. Advise you come hungry and take small portions if you want to sample everything.
I've been using four paws for over a year now and we've been always happy with the service they have provided. Our dog Phineas really loves this place and we like bringing him here to get both his fur trimmed and putting him in either doggy day care or long-term kennel.
A very good used bookstore with a strong selection of science-fiction and comic books. For other topics,  one should not expect too much, they have limited space and don't always make it easy to get at the stacks. Still if you like to rummage through books until the end of time, this is a pretty good place to hang out.
As for myself, I like this restaurant very much.  Good food, at a good price.Of course everything has to be taken in context, this is basically a family run takeout restaurant, so one should curve expectations around that fact. Furthermore, this here is Mesa Arizona, and if you haven't noticed, we're not a major culinary center of the United States. Duh! Don't ever expect the level of cuisine one gets in New York City or San Francisco. That said, when a place like New China opens up, I'm actually quite happy. Is it authentic? That depends on your point of view. Compared to chains like Panda Express, this restaurant is worlds better. And New York Chinatown? Well, they're not quite there, but on a scale of 1 to 10, I'm happy to give them a solid 7+. For Mesa, that's pretty darn good by my estimation.
Overall, I like this place because they allow me to bring my dog if I sit in their outdoor seating area. Dog friendly restaurant with good eats at a good price.The one gripe I have is that the awning over the outdoor seating area is not very good. Too much sun comes in during the summer months, making it hard to stay there very long.
I love Pizza, but I try to stay away for dietary reasons. I went here last week with my daughter and mom, and was pleasantly surprised. Thin crust New York style pizza at a good price. The menu is kind of simple, but that's the way these places are nowadays. Friendly staff and clean simple surroundings.
This is a great place to bring your kids. Beyond being just a fun day out, I think one can learn quite a lot about the lifecycle of butterflies and moths. Watching them hatch right in front of your eyes is quite interesting. This is followed by a stroll amongst these beautiful insects inside a giant glass lined atrium. With the humidity kicked up, it's a micro tropical rainforest with small waterfalls and a Koi pond.I would point out that they can do kid's birthday parties. My daughter did her 10th birthday there and had a great time with all her friends.
I have to say that I'm very impressed with this discount tire location. they've always come through for me getting tires and an expedited manner and their service is very good. Friendly, reliable and tires at a good price. I don't know what else you would want.One nice thing was the fact that, for my most recent visit, they gave me a free tire if I signed up for full warranty for all my car tires. As it worked out this was cheaper than getting a new tire, and gets me a lifetime warranty on all my tires. I don't know about you, but that's a good deal-- Certainly worth my loyalty.
Great fun if you want to do agility with your dog. It's not for everyone. Dogs need to have a good temperament for it. And owners should look to do this as either something fun to do, or a serious sport. I chose fun. My dog Phineas is just too playful to go for the gold. But who knows, in time anything is possible.Also note, it's all indoor. A nice option to be active with your pet when it's too hot outside (or rainy, though that's not too big a problem in these parts :)
Don't be fooled by the name, it is possible to eat healthy foods at this establishment. The manager was very nice and offered me a lot of drink choices that were both nondairy and fruit-based. I was able to put together a low carbohydrate soy coconut smoothie that was both delicious and healthy. I'm very happy to come here again knowing that this place caters to everyone.
First off, let me tell you that I'm not a big fan of Italian food, but this place is pretty good. Not just good food but one of the few chains that offer healthier choices. I know, pizza and pasta are not exactly healthy meals to start with. However, Sauce offers a number of nice salads and a drink bar with some low-calorie choices. Portions can also be a little small but that depends on how much you like to eat, I guess.  I'm happy to give this place four stars although since I don't eat Italian food that much, this would not be a first choice for me personally. If you do you like Italian food, it's a great choice.
This shop is rather old school, but a great place for "men" to find suits and other related business ware.While James does provide basic tailoring, I think the real value of this establishment is to get high quality suits at a reasonable price. Keep in mind, it's not Jos A. Bank. As a small shop, James can't compete with the low prices and full inventory that major establishments provide. Instead, look to James for much better quality merchandise and truly expert advice on business suits and jackets.
It's interesting to see the previous review by Jessie complaining about Emser shutting their doors early. I too was treated badly when showing up just minutes before their closing time.Details? Well, I arrived at 12:55pm on Saturday, when they claim that their hours of operation were until 1pm. Now, I'm not sure how you interpret a 1pm close. For most retail establishments, I think it means you can walk in up until 1pm, with more time to do your shopping. However, the sales manager had other ideas. I was told they were closing down at 1pm, and I had to leave.Yes, that's right, the manager told me to get out.I tried to negotiate my expulsion because there was a strong recommendation by my contractor to buy from them. I thought it would be okay to accommodate the store manager and just get things done in like, 1 minutes. So I pulled out samples I had brought with me (my choices were already made for the most part, and I was looking for cheaper/nicer alternatives) and said, "This won't take any time if you can just tell me if you have anything to match these here sample. See?" The manager looked down at the sample tiles, frowned, then looked up at me and said, "Sorry, nothing really like that here."I looked at my wife to see if she wanted to press further, but she was heading for the door. Not saying anything that would make my native New York accent overly apparent, I picked up my tile samples and left.However, there's more. The final insult took place when their locked exit door would not open. The same friendly manager (so called) looked very annoyed as she leaned heavy into the bolt and forced the door open. In my defense, that door was not user friendly.Now maybe I should have known better than show up 5 minutes before closing. And maybe I should have been better acquainted with the door lock used at Emser. However, I really don't think either was the problem.To get some closure, I spoke with my general contractor the next day using my New York accent to communicate my unhappiness (man did that feel great!). He called the regional sales rep who, that same day, did leave an apologetic voicemail on my cell. I didn't call back, though. It wasn't worth the effort.I guess there are tons of people who buy Emser tile and are quite happy with them. However, I can only assume they come early in the morning and wait politely for the doors to open. All good, but I will not be one of those people.
I can't say I found the food to be anything other than "very" Americanized Chinese food. On the positive side, the staff are nice and the prices are extremely cheep.
Walking in, I kept my expectations low having been disappointed in the past with other pet stores. To my surprise, I squealed like a 5 year old in Disneyland. This is a great pet store with a large aquarium section specializing in both salt an fresh water aquarium supplies. They didn't have everything I would have wanted, but all the basics are there; gravel, plants, filters, etc. They have a good selection of healthy fish in well maintained tanks, and real decorative stone and Malaysian driftwood. They even had Red Fire Shrimp. Wow, slap me silly! :)If you just need a big bag of dog food, this might not be your store. And okay, maybe I'm a bit snobby,  having started aquascaping in Japan. But if you want want a great place to get professional aquarium products in East Mesa, this is it!
Very standard as far as buffets go. With a good seafood selection, sushi and respectable dishes (keeping in mind that Mesa is not the culinary Center of United States) I think everyone can put this on their list of "okay" places to eat.
We had sushi.  delicious, copious amounts of sushi.  we sat at the sushi bar and drank sake, lots & lots of sake.  with some kirin on the side.sushi, sashimi and rolls.....(oh my).  =)  we enjoyed, enjoyed, enjoyed.  our server was attentive, the sushi chefs were busy and great to watch.  we really had a great time here.  loved it.
two stars : two reasonslocationlate night diningwe were desperate and hungry.  this place was open.  we sat outside (nice).margaritas were nasty, premixed, preservative laden crap.did the apps sampler, at least we got some food in the belly. if you absolutely must, you'll probably survive :)
boo!!  hiss!!I expected a certain amount of old school 'cheese' but this was such a horrible, horrible show.the titanic scene is positively tacky and wacky and in poor taste.  WTF jubilee, don't you know people died on the titanic??? the cast is waving to the ship as they 'row' away in a life boat?  SO BAD!the guys in the show were nasty.  there is some crazy scene where the guys are in 'codpieces' with their nasty, white asses hanging out....so gross.  cover those things up.bad acting, bad dancing, bad sound.  the cast was completely unenthusiastic (aside from a too happy performer here and there).  Out of sync on all of the dance routines.lackluster.you couldn't get me back to see it if it were free, with a free stay at The Wynn, topped with free meals of my choice.  it was THAT bad.save your money.
the place to be!  we pulled up in our shuttle bus and our fellow passengers were impressed (and a bit envious?) that this was our stop.we stayed within the first few months of opening.  the place is spectacular.  the lobby is ultra cool.  the drinks are high quality and delicious.  service was wonderfulour room was gorgeous, overlooking the bellagio fountain.  the terrace is the way to take in the vegas strip!oh the room, the beautiful room.  loved!! this room.  modern and unique.  the japanese soaking tub overlooking the vegas strip, heaven.  saturday night at the cosmopolitan was jam packed with the hotties and hottie wannabes. dresses were short, short and i swear i saw one girls bare goods.  wow.you know what dorothy says, don't think we're in kansas anymore toto.do not have a single complaint.  had a great stay!  can't wait to go back in summer to hang by the pools.  this place is FAB!
nice!good buffet, plenty of selection, nice desserts. and really nice gelato!  with an ample selection....mmmmm...pistachio gelato.....mmmm...mm.add on the all you can drink mimosa/bloody mary.great vegas fun!  so good for a vegas buffet. =)  ETA:  we did brunch
Yes, Woohoo!  As good as it gets!  Joelle is wonderful!  Professional, personable, perky, fun, sweet, and will make you feel at home on your big day.  I have no doubts she can tailor ceremonies to the couple.  We loved her (our wedding guests included)!  She made our very simple ceremony beyond perfect!  We got lucky that our original notary public cancelled on us and we found Joelle.  We describe the event and she knew exactly how to tailor it to our needs; including her own attire (cabana casual).She's a confident, compassionate officiant; professional and reliable!  From our own experience, I'm certain you could tailor your Vegas ceremony to your needs with Joelle, no matter how casual or formal.  Joelle is awesome!
A la mode was able to take an order for me less than a week away from my event and deliver a delicious cake more beautiful than I could have imagined! They also dealt with my crazed nervous emails gracefully and quickly responding to assure me everything would be fine. And it was. Just amazing to have a bakery able to offer gluten free and dairy free deliciousness. I'm so glad you exist! Thank you!
Pretty amazed at how new my car looks after leaving my first detail job here! The interior is shiny and smells fantastic, and the exterior was fairly spotless. What will make me come back though is the customer service and personality of Ray from detail and David from the glass department. They both spoke to me on a personal level, not making me feel below them, and were extremely kind in explaining the services they provided and how to care for my car after. I had no idea they offer glass repair here, too! If you have chips in your windshield, they can repair it on site. Talk about a one-stop-shop. They'll contact your insurance too so it's free and offer lifetime warranty. It's nice that there's a neighborhood shop to come to for these services. Will definitely be back. Also super convenient location!
Stepped in the spot and figured alright dope. Murals as everyone says. The pictures looked great from what everyone posted. Disappointed that I have interest in the 3rd eye and coffee yet... you walk in and it smells like nothing. People say there's a secret to this place and the secret is they don't serve coffee. Long story short. Staring at the menu then two ladies greet my girlfriend and I which was nice. Then that was the end of any further exchanging words. Nothing was recommended,  no questions of preferred coffee. Seems to have little knowledge of coffee. Not that I'm a master myself still... promote something enlighten customers. Ordered our drinks and I don't even remember what it was.We sat at the pac man table area. I was taking notice of all the eye catching things. Chess, art, books, and one of those long tables which soon after I took notice a group occupied the table. They seemed very interest in a lot of things and trying to adapt as much as they could.(I'll get back to this later.)Well we received our drinks my girlfriend took one sip of her drink and that was it. She put hers down and I tried drinking mine and finishing hers not wanting to be rude. But hers was pure sugar no coffee. You can tell by looking at it there was no coffee. That's all I can say about our drinks. Now going back at the group.  They admired all the things I mentioned above then they got their drinks. Wasn't impressed. You can also hear them say not much of coffee. They then ask about the WiFi and the worker comes over to advise it should be working. Gentleman says the connection is limited and she says no it shouldn't be. Walks off shaking her head and the group was left WiFi-less and disappointed. They mumbled other things that could have been better.. haven't seen a review from them yet.. but that sparked my interest to post mine.Pros: looks dope.Cons: no coffee, no/bad WiFi connection, okay atmosphere.
So anyone in Vegas understands this is a perfect spot for late nights. Do not go there on a Thursday night. I just had definitely one of the worst experiences there. You can tell how they divided the tables and one side were the drunk leftovers from the club. The smaller side were just regular people ready to dine. I went there after picking my girlfriends mom up from her late swing shift. We get there around 4 AM. No crowd but the security guard actually seats us which was fine. We sit down and were given menus. My girlfriends mom waves to her coworker that also just got off work. We were finally given some water and looking at the menu and after about 10 minutes we are finally asked if we're ready and sadly we weren't. So he said "Okay" no customer service with a take your time yadiyadiya... just left. Then comes this solo diner that sits next to us. After about 5 minutes of him waiting he was upset and walked over to the security guard. Security guards asked if he would like to start with appetizers. Guy replies "no I just want to order, number 13" blam.  Done deal. He places the order and security guard comes back to us asking if We'd like "fast" appetizers and sorry for the wait because they're back up... which is believable but.. I know for a fact they weren't. The same guys that were ready to take our order saw us. We figured okay maybe they think we're still pondering our great options at pho kim long. No we want pho homie. It's simple. Surpringly our spring rolls came out just minutes after ordering. At the same time our solo diner already had his food but tells the server "you guys forgot my drink and napkin".. they didn't apologize because they knew they didn't want to serve him as it seemed he was a "regular"We sat there with our empty plates and half empty glasses of water. The guy who supposedly wanted to take our order then starts to clean up the table that was next to ours and the girlfriends mothers coworkers said a peep and he walked over, placed there order. Right after that the solo diner was done he paid and left. Before we even had a chance to order. The guy cleans up and another guy basically asked how much and he said zero. And the employees seemed a bit off.Now everything was cool it seemed fine until after our meal. Sure I can understand horrible service for people who always have to deal with drunk leftovers from the club... but you sat us on a side with regular people just waiting to dine. We asked for a to go box and the check. I work in the tipping industry and understand we should tip. At least. As for restaurant tipping I truly believe that is based on the customer service we received.. I felt like we didn't get any.. so do they deserve any? Sure. I gave them 3 dollars. I felt generous. I usually double the tax but for this I kept it as is. I walk up to the cashier and pay with card. He rips off the first receipt and says it very bluntly "choose one" and circles the tipping options and stares at me. I say "no thank you I already tipped you cash." So he immediately steps back and calls on the "radio" which was clipped to his shirt but says very loudly where the restaurant can hear "get the money from table 6" and the guy responds "Okay I got It" cashier responds "What?" And no longer using their little walkie talkies they said 3. And everyone was like "THREE?!" I didn't realize it at the time because I spent an hour waiting for food it was 5 am. I was tired and ready to go home. It was just completely rude. If they wanted a generous tip they should have given top notch customer service to sober people versus kissing ass to a bunch of drunk idiots who more than likely gave them a stiff. It's a common spot to go here and I've never experienced customer service like this before. Only quality thing they had there was security.. so if you want late night food/pho with a high chance to see a fight(why else is there a security guard at a restaurant) go to pho kim long.Smh.
Came here in a friday night and it was so busy!Make a reservation because they fill up so quickly! Diane was awesome and took great care of us! She got us in in 20 minutes opposed to the 45 minutes quoted! She recommended the carnitas and the dynamite shrimp tacos, amazing! My favorite new restaurant!
Listen, I've only been here once, but it was effing delicious! We were at the art museum checking out Monet when one of my friends was getting super hangry (so hungry they turned cranky), so we finished up at the art museum and headed to Little Italy to give them the food coma they deserved. It was late Saturday afternoon so we were lucky to snag a parking spot on the street right outside the restaurant. Once inside we were greeted by warm and friendly staff and seated right away. We started off with some warm bread with herb butter then worked on appetizers of  pork belly ($11) and sauteed calamari. Both were presented beautifully and were full of flavor. For a main dish I got the special of fettuccine carbonara ($19) with cheese sprinkled on top - oh my lord so creamy and fresh my mouth was in heaven! A huge portion as well! I only ate half before I asked for a to-go container and you better believe I boxed that meal up myself so I could use the bread to soak up any remaining sauce on the plate. My dining companions enjoyed mimosas, espressos, and tiramisu which they all said they enjoyed. I had a bite (really like 4 bites) of the homemade tiramisu which was super tasty which I thought was surprising since I don't like coffee, but I would definitely order this next time!I really have no complaints, just sad that when I reheated the pasta the sauce separated into this pool of oil, but that's what you get for using the microwave I guess. Overall it was a cozy, tasty, enjoyable time with friends at Mia Bella and I look forward to my next visit here!
I like MGB. The t-shirt I am wearing in my Yelp picture is from there. I've been in the basement for a sausage making workshop, I've had drinks at the bar with dates, I've enjoyed their food with friends on several occasions, and they usually have this pumpkin food and beer event in October that I like to check out, all around it's a decent place and I would go here over some of the pretentious/hipster or dingy/whole-in-the-wall places on W 25th (you know who I'm talking about...). Just a tip, during the day MGB is great for food and good service, at night it's more like a packed loud bar (they turn the music up at 9pm) so better then for just drinks and loud socializing.
This was my first experience with Harry Buffalo so I called the restaurant in advance about my order and got the A-Okay to substitute a side so I went ahead and placed our order on UberEats. Unfortunately my order did not come as I had requested. When you worked all day, just got home and took your pants off so no leaving the house, you're tired and hungry, well, this experience was a disappointing one. I called the restaurant to see what happened and it turns out the lady I originally spoke with was not aware of the new rules where you can't substitute the waffle fries. Everyone I spoke with was very patient, friendly, and you could tell they felt bad and wanted to make things right.    I would definitely give them 5 stars for how they handled the situation.I am however going to go with 3 stars because I did not really care for the food. I will order from them in the future though, I'd like to give them another shot and try one of their salads.
This was the first stop for a Dishcrawl event in Downtown Cleveland. The staff was very friendly and quick to bring us drinks or remove our plates. I have mixed feelings about the food. I had looked this place up online before hand and was really excited to try it out, but eh. They served us moist chicken breast stuffed with this creamy, cheesy, spinach wonderfulness inside, but paired it with two cold mediocre stuffed mushrooms and a scoop of Paella (shell fish casserole) which I thought did not have much flavor and the single scallop was chewy. I would give this place a second shot, maybe I'd have better luck picking my own dish and if I wasn't in a large group. I just expected more flavor I suppose.
My friend and I went to an Artsy Academy painting event at Brick and Barrel last night and we had a really fun time! Like another Yelper posted, the inside of this place is like someone's cool garage. Laid back atmosphere. Bartender was nice with a little sass to him. Not a big beer selection, but I really liked their Bianca Blonde!I want to come back for their Pierogie Monday's! (They don't serve food but sometimes have food vendors or you can bring in your own).
Went here to celebrate a colleague's promotion to another department. Very convenient location to my work. Most of our group got the lunch time buffet for $20; I was hesitant at this high price at first, but then I saw what was offered and found it to be reasonable for the selections. Bear with me because I cannot remember the food items exactly, but that day they had a couple of different salad options: this cubed cheese and meats one, fruits, caesar, grilled vegetable salad with squash and zucchini, etc. There was also a small selection of rolls you could choose from. They had a carving station with prime rib that included au jus and horseradish sauce. Further down the line there were big containers of buttery mashed potatoes, those fancy little carrots and asparagas, chicken marsala, and this divine creamy fish dish. For dessert they had a selection of about five different options of tarts, fruits, cakes, and mousse confections. I was not so impressed with the desserts, but I really wanted to make a couple trips up to the buffet! I would recommend this place for business meals or work celebrations.
Went here to see my first opera: The Cunning Little Vixen. The outside and inside are beautiful, just be warned that you will be backed in like a can of sardines, the chairs are so mushed together I am not sure how anyone tall or plus sized would be able to fit comfortably since even I had my knees in the back of a seat. The Orchestra was great, the animated opera was a bit odd though. I'd love to check out the summer orchestra series at Blossom.
When I went to visit Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon I had my first experience with having to pay to check out a park so the $10 adult admittance fee at Holden Arboretum was not completely mind boggling to me. Most of the Metroparks are free to get into, but Holden is special in that it is very well maintained and has more to offer than just a visitors center and some bridal trails. There is the newer canopy walk and emergent tower ($4 extra for adults); several interactive stations for children to dig up earth, explore a log cabin, mini zip line, color/stamp (so great for kids); there are tons of scenic spots with benches to rest and take in the beauty of nature or pose for pictures (so great for the elderly or newly engaged couples); plants and trees are all labeled; there's a butterfly garden; they offer classes and tours (I saw a limo golf cart taking people around the trails); heck it's so nice you could even have a wedding here! If you're a family who values the outdoors they have a $75 membership that covers two adults, four children, and gets you into the Botanical Gardens as well. Seems like a pretty good deal!My only issue is that I drove an hour from the west side to do the canopy walk and tower only to find out that they had sold out hours before (you cannot get advanced tickets, first come first served). Last ticket sales usually end at 4pm (to give people plenty of time to get through before the park closes at 5pm), but apparently it was an extra crazy busy day so there was a couple hour wait to do the walk and tower so they had stopped selling tickets around 2pm. The gentleman at the entrance could tell I was heartbroken so he let me in the park for free so that I could still enjoy the fall colors through my tears of disappointment. Seriously appreciate that kind gesture and will definitely make the long drive back to check out the canopy walk and tower before it closes for the season November 1st (but at like 9am to secure a ticket!). I love the metroparks and would definitely suggest checking out Holden! Bring your lover, your kids, your dog, just get there!
Although expensive, I think this place is great and have never had a bad meal, plus I enjoy the eclectic crazy decorations. The lobster soup, green beans, lobster mac & cheese, the rolls with butter, calamari, are all really good. But probably the best thing is the all you can eat shrimp special. Sooo much food!
Love coming to Blossom! Experienced a Phish concert a couple of years ago. Glow sticks flying in the air, light show, hippies jamming out... it was a good time. Recently I saw Jack Johnson with some friends and the weather was perfect for a blanket seat on the lawn. Jack put on a great show that left us all in a feel good mood :)Only down side is trying to get out of the parking lot after a concert. You're going to be waiting in line for a long time.
Super long line but definitely worth it!
Hate on me all you want for patronizing a chain restaurant, but sometimes a girl just needs a quick dessert fix and Applebee's Butter Pecan Blondie does not disappoint! Ugh that stuff is sooooo good! For $5.49 you get a warm blond brownie with glazed pecans, vanilla ice cream, and this like maple glaze sauce to drizzle all over it. Mmm! Usually I take pictures, but there was no time, this dessert needed to be eaten stat!The five stars is only for the Butter Pecan Blondie, I can't speak on the other food they serve.
Sometimes when I check out a new place I like to get a couple different dishes so that I can really get a taste of their offerings. Then I just spend several days munching on the goods and thinking over my experience before I write a review. There are just so many places to check out in NEO that it might be a long time before I make a second trip, if I even go back at all. Well for Cleveland Mofongo I will definitely go back! I stopped in on a Saturday right when they opened at noon. The staff was super friendly and helpful when it came time to explain Puerto Rican food to a basic white girl. Shortly after I placed my order several customers came in and a line started to form. People like this food! Even a cop came in to pick up lunch while on duty. *Roasted Pork Shoulder with Yellow Rice and Pinto Beans $9 - Large portions! I liked that the pulled pork stayed mostly moist even when reheated. The food in this dish is pretty standard, and a little salty, but if you split it up and add it to other dishes it's A-Okay!*Loaded Plantain Chips with Shredded Chicken $9 - This was my favorite. The plantain chips have a lovely crunch on the outside edges and they brush this tasty garlic oil over them. Next is a ton of juicy shredded chicken and a pile of cheese. Don't forget to ask for a side of their special sauce to dip the chips in! *Guava Chicken Quesadilla $7.50 - This was pretty tasty as well with a slight hint of sweetness. When I reheated it in the oven the tortilla had a wonderful crispness to it. Comes with pica de gallo and a special sour cream.*Beef Empanadillas $2.50 - Large sized, and while I was not that big of a fan of the fried shell, the beef mixture inside was flavorful. The food here is good, the portions large enough to share or bust your gut with, and the prices are affordable. With all of that said, I can see where some people really love this food and others (looking at you DT from Cleveland Scene) think the food is a bit tame. Take pancakes for example, sometimes you're totally okay with a plain buttermilk pancake with some local butter and maple syrup. Other days you want that pancake to have blueberries and lemon zest in it with a little whipped goat cheese spread and crystallized cinnamon sprinkled on top. What I'm saying is that you should give this place a try! You might like the comfort food they serve as is, or you might want to enhance it with more sauces, more green olives, more pico de gallo or more spice in general. I think that Cleveland Mofongo is a great starting point if you've never had Puerto Rican food before, and they are just a small mostly take-out joint with a limited menu, but I know this type of cuisine has a lot of influences (Taino, Spanish, African, American, etc) and is capable of some great flavorful fusion in their dishes so I am eagerly looking forward to this business growing and expanding their menu (give me the comfort and the unique!). Maybe even put some dessert options on there!
Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and I must say I enjoyed this place! You can pay $10 (cash only) for parking in the lot right in front or you if you're lucky you can find some meter parking on the street. They have some patio seating outside, but it was too cold for that. Inside we sat at a high top table and enjoyed a couple beers and a nice late lunch. I got this pulled pork sandwich on a warm and soft ciabatta roll. It also came with blue cheese potato salad and a leafy green salad. Pretty tasty! Our waitress was nice and helpful with bringing me samples of beers I wasn't sure about. I'd definitely check this place out again! They have plenty of TV's if you want to watch a game and the place seemed lively even at 3:30 in the afternoon.
I've been eating so many burgers this past month that I am going to start looking like a round burger patty myself if I don't include a salad now and then, but there are just too many places to try! This time around I stopped in at Bearden's for a double cheeseburger and the chili cheese fries. Firstly, this place has really pulled off their 1950's diner theme without coming across too kitschy.  I like the atmosphere and think it's perfect for what they serve up, which is basically just burgers, shakes, and some fried sides like french fries and tater tots. The staff of teenagers also seems appropriate and reminds me of my summer jobs in high school. Speaking on the staff, they were all pleasant, patient, and helpful when I asked questions about the menu. Now for the food! Make sure you come in on a Wednesday because that is half price burger night even if you get the burger to-go. I started off with a basic double hamburger for $2.98 ($5.96 full price) and added cheddar cheese .55, lettuce .15, and since condiments are free my double burger came to $3.68. The burger is a pretty nice size so this is definitely a good deal. My small side of chili cheese fries came in at $5.05, but there was nothing small about this; could definitely feed two people unless you like putting yourself in a food coma. The chili is mildly spicy with chunks of meat (hamburger patties?), onions and green peppers. The cheese is your standard melted nacho cheese. So my bill in total was $8.73, very affordable! This place is definitely a solid 3 stars and I would recommend it over a chain fast food joint (support local!). The food was good, but I did not think it was something mouth watering that I would crave to have again. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the burger was not overly greasy, but it did not seem seasoned and I only got one slice of cheese for my two patties. The fries are thin frozen ones which I feel meh about no matter what, but they did the job. All in all I think Bearden's does well for what they are and you can't compare them to places with gourmet burgers or even a fast food chain because you're coming here for a taste of simple old school diner food and memories of yesteryear. I'd come back for another burger, just maybe mix up the toppings and condiments. I'd also go for the homemade onion rings and a milkshake, yeah... that sounds good.
Oh my sweet baby Jesus this place is adorable!I made reservations for a Sunday afternoon tea party. Three lovely ladies showed up in their pearls and hats to enjoy this quaint place full of soft, colorful, feminine decor. There were other patrons (little girls, couples, older clientele). Staff was friendly; our young, new on the job, waitress tried her best to be pleasant and satisfy our needs. She even let us tour one of the rooms they rent out and told us about how this old building was involved in the underground railroad! For food/best experience, I went with the Emerald High Tea $25. To begin I got this Georgia O'Keefe cold tea starter in a little jar with a pink sugar rim.  Next I got to choose my own pot of loose leaf tea from a large section (I went with the Lady Londonberry). First course was a cup of chopped fruit and a slice of cheddar, tomato, broccoli quiche. (By the way, the goods were served on pretty china that your grandma Doris would love). Second course I chose a cute looking salad of mixed greens, fruit, and crunchy noodles (you can get a cup of soup instead of salad). Third course included finger sandwiches like cucumber with cream cheese, chicken salad, and egg salad. I also received a blueberry scone, two mini slices of bread (I think one was blueberry and one zucchini?), and spreads like Devonshire cream and lemon curd. The last course was all about dessert with a chocolate covered cherry, chocolate covered grape, lemon madeleine, frosted brownie, and a mini cheesecake. Individually all are small portions, but collectively it's a filling meal. I really enjoyed my experience here, everything was just lovely (minus this awful caramel apple tea that I tasted). You can come here to enjoy bed and breakfast accommodations, for a tea party, or even for the ice cream parlor that they have. The backyard connects to the Rocky River Reservation so you can go for a stroll through nature. I would highly recommend you check out Emerald Necklace Inn for an enjoyable experience! (I'd just like to remind little girls that there is no crying at tea time, pull yourselves together, you get to wear princess dressed in public, you should be thrilled!)
Updating my review because the bakery goods are consistently tasty and the lady behind the counter doesn't give me the stink eye anymore. See my original review for more detailed information.
Went here for a date and only had about an hour and a half to see the Art Museum so we kind of flew through, but it was still really enjoyable. I would definitely go back and I would like to try their MIX night on the first Friday on the month.
Came here with a group of nine on a Thursday. They don't accept reservations, but if you have a large group then you're allowed to call ahead 30 minutes and they will start to think about where to put you. Downside is that even if they have a table ready for you, you're not allowed to be seated until your entire party is there. This is kind of a bad business practice as one in our group had a cast on her foot and was forced to stand in the doorway dodging other patrons until they caved and let us sit down at our table with six of our party there. To be fair to the few that were late, the parking get's filled up fast in the Old River Shopping area and you'll have to circle around a couple times or do like I did and park down the road and walk a little ways to the restaurant. For the food I got the July burger of the month, I think it was called 3 pigs or something? It had pulled pork, pork belly, ? and coleslaw on it. Although the burger patty seemed a little plain and lacked seasoning, overall the sandwich was good and big enough to share. The burgers are priced at $7.50 for plain and up to $16 for a bison burger with most burgers falling around the $10 mark. The burgers don't come with anything so you'll be set back an additional $4.50-$6.50 for a side of fries or onion rings, but the portions are enough for two. I opted for the sweet potato fries with a horseradish mustard sauce and they were pretty tasty. My dining companions all seemed to enjoy the various burgers they got and we passed around the sides. The onion rings are huge, but I didn't really care for them, they seemed bland. The chili cheese fries were tasty. The truffle fries were okay, but a little too herby and oily for me. Our waitress was pleasant and informative (even showed me a picture of the July burger special on her phone) and I liked the dcor (they have those garage door windows that can be pulled up in the summer), only thing is it is really loud in there and it was hard to hear the people at my table talking.I've been back for the one red door burger and the mac & cheese with BBQ brisket. The mac & cheese came in at $9.50 and looks a little plain and like it is lacking sauce but don't be fooled, I found it to be pretty good. Again with the burger I wasn't that impressed with the meat, but it was good overall. My sweet potato fries were a little well done and salty, but I ate them. Overall I'd say FlipSide is on the same level as The Rail, Heck's, Jammy Buggars or B-Spot. They all serve a "higher-end" version of the burger with alcohol in the milkshakes and aioli dipping sauces. I'd hit up this place again. Also, the Old River Shopping area is a nice spot to take a stroll after your meal and maybe even get some gelato at Rosso's.
Stopped in a Sunday evening to get a sampling of BBQ to enjoy the next couple of days (I ate this for 3 days!). The parking lot was packed, but my wait was super short. I think the longest part was me deciding what to get. Young lady at the register was friendly and patient. The woman who gave me my order was friendly and opened up all of the boxes to explain what they were and make sure everything was in there. She also gave me samples of all of their sauces. -Brisket Sandwich $8.29. Lots of meat! I'd guess half a pound? Meat was chopped up, moist and tender, kinda made me think I was eating pot roast, but it was really good. I would get this again! -Pulled Pork Pick Two Meat Sampler $8.99. Good. Moist. 1/4lbs or 4oz-Pulled Chicken Pick Two Meat Sampler $8.99. Good. Moist. 1/4lbs or 4oz-Baby Back Ribs $2.39 each bone. Ordered two bones and received a bigger portion size than expected. Meat was moist and definitely fell off the bone, but to me that is over cooked. Rib meat should easily pull off the bone, not fall into pieces as you try to pick up a rib. Also, to me this tasted extremely salty. Like I was shocked at how salty the meat was. -Spare Ribs $2.19 each bone. Ordered two bones and received a bigger portion size than expected. Meat was firmer than the baby back ribs and while still a little salty, not as as bad as the baby backs. -Baked Beans with Brisket $2.04. A-Okay, but the first night I munched on this it tasted really fatty to me. Next day it was fine so IDK what was up with that. -Coleslaw $1.89. Much needed light and refreshing side. Nothing special, but satisfying. -Cheesy Potatoes $2.14. Just added some black pepper and it was freaking delicious! Very hearty so it helped to split it and not eat it all in one sitting. -Mac & Cheese $2.09. Good, but does lean towards the mac & cheese you find in a crockpot at a family get together. Again, not bad at all, not dried out or anything, I just prefer a creamy cheese sauce. Still a nice comfort food side.-Cornbread 79. Satisfying portion size. Texture is perfect, moist with a couple whole kernels inside. I just like my cornbread with a little more buttery/sweet flavor. Could picture breaking this up over a bowl of chili and enjoying. -Sauces. They have 6 flavors and you can find, sweet, spicy, smokey, vinegary varieties. I personally could not pick one that really did it for my taste buds, but none of them were bad at all. I think I was just overwhelmed, might be better to get just two at time. Very nice to find they don't skimp on sides and that the sizes are about a cup. Ordered one slice of cornbread, but got three in my order so I was a little confused if cornbread came with any of the meals or they just threw extras in there. Pleasantly surprised by the meat portions and that all of the meat was moist. Also think the pricing is reasonable and appropriate. For just opening I think they have done a good job (probably due to their experience since this is a chain). All in all, I think this is a solid chain place, really enjoyed some things and thought other things were just okay. I would like to check them out again, give things a second shot.
My first experience with Naf Naf was a little odd due to a self-centered older man who twice let doors start to shut in my face even though he saw I was two steps behind him. Once inside he cut people and went straight to the front end of the line where he proceeded to confuse everyone by trying to pay for and take someone else's order. The poor guy he was hijacking had to have his order remade and wait awkwardly while a group of employees tried to figure out what happened. The old guy was led back to the start of the line. You can't teach manners, but maybe a sign that says "Start here" would be helpful. No issues with staff. Interior is clean. Parking in front or back. Prices range from $6.50 for a falafel pita to $11.75 for a steak shawarma combo with fries and a drink. *Veggie Feast $8.95 - Sooo good! I would definitely get this again! 4 crispy tasty falafels with hummus, chopped tomato and cucumber salad, purple cabbage, sumac onions (very potent), and baba ghanoush plus a fluffy side of pita bread which was soft and perfect to scoop up my dips with. *Chicken Shawarma Bowl $8.20 - Also comes with a fluffy pita. Not a bad salad at all, you can choose between rice, lettuce or hummus, then meat, some veggies and dressing (mmm garlic sauce). *Fries $2.75 - Not fries, more like half crispy half limpy homemade chips. Only one size. Maybe would be better if they had some Middle Eastern seasoning you could sprinkle on top? Mediocre, would probably not waste the calories on them again. *Baklava $1.60 - At first bite I was like "what is this, watered down syrup?", but then there was this faint flower taste. DAMN ROSE WATER! Get out of here rose water! No one really likes you! Would not get again because I don't like perfume flavored food. I'd put this in my rotation with Dolce Wraps and Sittoo's. Simple, affordable, dishes are filling and tasty for the most part.
Unfortunately I have to lower my rating for Brown Sugar. In the past I thought the food was pretty tasty, but a recent order from there was a bit lackluster and definitely did not have the Thai flavors I was expecting. I did go to Thailand this year so maybe it's not fair to compare, but other restaurants like Thai Thai in Lakewood hold up to authentic cuisine so I don't know...The Pad Thai was bland in looks and taste. It was missing that lime and slightly sweet flavor from the sugar. It also seemed more like the noodles were tossed in just some light oil. The Massaman Curry, while it had some light heat, was missing that cinnamon spice flavor and slightly sweet taste even though it had chunks of pineapple in it. Definitely not a rich sauce. Also the friendly lady who worked the front is no longer there it seems. Meh. Food wasn't bad, but I have definitely had better and will probably go elsewhere for my Thai cravings in the future. Sorry Brown Sugar :(
Showed up on a Thursday evening with a group of about nine. The Indians were playing that night but I had no trouble finding a free spot along Euclid not far from the restaurant. The place had a constant stream of customers, but it was not too busy inside and we were able to put together three tables for our group. Also found no issue with the cleanliness or decor, and I would like to mention that although the music was a little older, it was nice to know all of the words and a couple guests were even bopping along to the music in their seats. Staff was friendly and informative when I asked about the ingredients and which pizza's they favored. Turns out they get their veggies from a local source and I even saw someone get a whole basil plant from the back! You start out with about a 12 inch pizza dough (I'm guessing here) and you can either select a house specialty or choose from a variety of toppings to create your own. It's also neat that you can see them build the pizza right in front of you so you can ask for a little more or less of something as they are putting your toppings on. Next up they place your pie in a special Italian fire oven where it bakes for about 3 minutes and comes out hot with a couple specks of black but definitely not burnt. I went with The Buffalo pizza and it was definitely cheesy with a good amount of buffalo chicken shredded on it. I thought it was pretty tasty! There was about 1  1/2 - 2 inches of plain flat crust which I am not always a fan of, but you could easily get a side of sauce to dip it in if you don't want to throw the crust away. The pizza is cut into six slices so you could share it or eat it all yourself without too much guilt since it is thin. Others at my table got The New York and The Hollywood pizza and both of them looked pretty tasty as well. One person said their Margherita pizza had way too much sea salt on it so if you get that one maybe ask for less salt when they make it. Overall I'd recommend this place for a fast and simple bite to eat if you're downtown AND it's also pretty affordable at about $8 a pizza. They offer salads and big cookies too if you want to balance out your meal :) A little side note: the owner of Pizza Fire also founded Romeo's Pizza so it's no surprise they are busting out other locations right away. Besides having a location in Akron they will be opening up spots in Cuyahoga Falls, Rocky River, Kent, and Strongsville soon!
Walked in and no one was there, waited a little bit and was about to walk out when a man finally appeared and said he would be right with me. The man was nice, I noticed he had part of a cotton ball sticking out of his ear. I went with a split order of wings, 5 garlic parm and 5 honey mustard for $7.99. They were of about average size. Slightly dry, but tasted okay. Nothing really special or bad about them. This place took over the East of Chicago spot, they just opened so best of luck to them, but with all of the pizza/wing options out there, I probably won't be back.
It all started because I wanted a drink after work  then someone mentioned $5 Wild Boar Nachos and the rest is me laying in a food coma on my couch. I highly suggest people check this place out, just be warned that after 6:30pm  this place is going to fill up fast and get loud. (At least on a Friday night)A friend and I split the nachos mentioned above, guac with goat cheese, Al Pastor Taquitos, and a side of refried beans. The portions were big enough to share and there was a little leftover to take home. My only complaint would be that for $14 the taquito entree should have included the side instead of having to pay extra for it. Definitely get the Margarita Flight to go with your meal. We shared the Hibiscus Flower, Cucumber, and this spicy mango margarita that makes you feel all nice and warm inside.
Listen, imma gonna give it to you straight. I just walked out of Bakersfield looking like a happy, sweaty, pregnant walrus and I have no regrets. Stuffed AF ya'll.Disclaimer: I've had two of their alcoholic beverages and they are deceptively strong. Like "Ooohh yeah this pineapple margarita ($10) is amazing! I can't even taste the liquor! Bring me one of those pretty sangria's! ($9)" And the next thing you know you're being feisty and harassing the wait staff again. Whatevs, they liked it. At least that's what my lawyer is going to argue...Sorry, I got off track, let me start at the beginning. We had our monthly supper club here tonight. I was not allowed to reserve a table so a couple of us showed up early to snag seating for 15. (Apparently there were 3 others in our group but we got separated in the crowded room. I think they might have been the three ballerina's at one of the standing tables. If that was you I'm so sorry! I didn't check my messages until it was all over! I have failed as a host.)Anyways, we were served by Matt (aka Chewy) and Brandon. Both did an excellent job with our big group. Pleasant and attentive. We also had the manager Joe (aka Haley Joel Osment) wandering about us like a homeless person ready to pounce at any taco left behind. Just kidding, he was nice and just making sure everything was going okay. (It was his first day). Oh and this reminds me, Joe and Mr. General Manager Neil are some tasty looking eye candy. Meow, come here and sit on this spinster cat lady's lap! Alright, now that I'm banned from Bakersfield, let me wrap up this review. I think most of us partook in the make your mama holler special (I just made that name up) where groups of 6 or more are allowed to get shareable appetizers (chips, chunky guac, salsa, cheese dip), the most delicious salad, and a variety of tacos for just $15 each! And it was served endless style, like they loaded us up! "Oh you need more tacos? No problem! Let me get you taken care of, sexy lady". Okay, they didn't really say sexy lady, but I'm 31 years old currently sitting in the shower, alone, while I write this so I'm gonna dream damn it!I'd say the food and drinks were pretty tasty. Drinks are a bit pricey, but they made me happy so I'm gonna make it rain (as in, take all my money for those not up on the cool kid slang). Service was awesome, decor was western industrial?, definitely had a trendy but laid-back vibe to it. My only complaint would be that it did not appear their A/C was working. This was bad because it was 70 out and raining and they had the windows and doors open so it was super humid and warm inside. Like I'm an extra juicy babe, ya'll can't be subjecting me to those conditions unless you want to personally wipe the sweat off my body. Okay, I'm probably gonna regret this review in the morning, but YOLO. Actually I already regret that stupid saying. I'm done. Time to watch Golden Girls.**Update: Upon some reflection I had to dock a star for the whole hot and sweaty situation. Several members of our group complained about it and I know I felt really gross and immediately hopped in the shower when I got home. You should be using the A/C on hot and rainy days, don't be leaving those doors open and letting the humidity in, especially with it being crowded inside. If there is an issue with the A/C get it fixed ASAP cause summer is a comin'! They just opened two weeks ago so hopefully this was just a fluke. But you should definitely still check them out! Just maybe wear thin breathable fabric and have a towel to dab your face/body with.
Jam packed, but the wait was not long for a table. TONS of meat on the sandwich, definitely had leftovers. Got the fries with a side of gravy to pair with the reuben.
Finally decided to give this place a second try and I am glad I did! First time I visited it was crazy inside, but this time very quiet and the three young ladies behind the counter were very helpful and friendly. I decided to go with a salad this time and made it southwest style (corn, black beans, avocado, roasted red peppers, shredded pepper-jack cheese, jalapeno ranch dressing, etc). The salad was packed full of veggies and some grilled chicken! Made for a very tasty and filling meal. I would go back!
Checked out this cupcake truck at the Fairview Park Food Truck Festival and I will have to say I am digging the pretty blue paint job! The staff was nice especially with trying to hear people over the loud band playing. Now for the cupcakes!The cupcakes will run you $3 for one or $5 for 2. I think the $3 price tag is a bit much so I am glad they lower it slightly when you buy in bulk. I sampled Strawberry Lemonade (maybe it was raspberry? Don't remember because I ate it too fast), Salted Caramel, Wedding White (The Billy Idol), and Red Velvet. In all of them you could taste the great flavors they offered, my only big complaint would be that the cake itself was a little on the dry side and would easily crumble especially for the ones made with yellow cake. Other than that these cupcakes were good! They are the standard cupcake size and had a perfect cake to frosting ratio (one did not overpower the other). My favorite was the Strawberry Lemonade. Wedding White had a lovely white cake that had a slight almond flavor to it. The icing on the Red Velvet seemed to be light on the cream cheese flavor and had more of a standard light texture frosting compared to the thicker/creamier cream cheese frosting I am used to. The caramel syrup on the Salted Caramel seemed to have soaked into the cake which added a tasty, but needed, moistness to it.  I would rate these a solid 3.5. The best cupcakes I've ever had still goes to Cora Cupcakes in Painesville, but Sweet! Mobile Cupcakery definitely does a fine job as well. Give them a try next time you see them around town!
Just a hole in the wall bar, but a great place to catch some free comedy on Wednesday nights. Their wings are pretty good.
I've actually been to Thailand so when I was having a craving for some authentic Thai food I was happy to find out there was a new restaurant in town with glowing reviews! I stopped in one evening to try a few things:Massaman Curry: A mild sweet curry with a hint of cinnamon and nutmeg - one of my favorite curries! Pad Thai: They let me get this with pork and while the pork had some fatty bits to it, I still enjoyed this meal. Simple yet full of flavor. Som Tum Thai: Green papaya salad that was way too spicy for me. But I am sure they can tone that down if you ask. The woman who took my order was friendly and said she is originally from Bangkok. No bells and whistles inside, very simple with what looked like a little Thai shrine in the back to appease the spirits and some colorful framed photos for decoration. I would go here again!**Authentic defined: "made or done in the traditional or original way, or in a way that faithfully resembles an original". When speaking about authentic food, even though there can be variations of a dish in its place of origin, most would agree that there are staple ingredients that follow the original recipe - like fish sauce, tamarind, palm sugar, lime wedges, rice noodles, red pepper, powdered dried shrimp, and often peanuts for pad Thai. So when you've had this dish several times in Thailand you come to expect certain smells, textures, and a balance of certain flavors, because really, this dish is not that varied in taste beside different veggies and meats added to it. Finding that back in the US (or something very close to it) is pretty great and would be considered an authentic dish since it closely resembles the way that dish is generally prepared in Thailand. Another example would be slapping tomatoes and pickles on a hot dog and calling it Chicago style. Nope. Some dishes have standards and hearing a place is authentic gives a person a better idea of what to expect if they have had the original, the real deal, the dish that started it all.
Had the new Carrot Cake Cupcake last night and I must say it was really delicious! The owner, Wendy, is always so nice and her cupcakes are still some of the best I have had so I am updating my review to 5 stars! Definitely going to miss this place when I move to the west side.
So I have been to this place a couple of times and had started writing up a review, but it was really long and I just really wanted to like this place so I put a hold on the review and planned to try The Coney Company one more time. But the place closed in September and I completely understand why. The coney sauce was very good, but that's it. I tried a variety of things off the menu and they were just meh. Always sad when a family run business closes, but I'm not going to miss this one.
This new brewery is in the same building as Cleveland Cycle Tours, and they happened to be having a private event that I crashed when I showed up early for a party bike tour. The space looks like an old garage, the staff friendly, and I enjoyed a dark wheat beer for $5. They aren't open to the public just yet, but I'm sure they will have success!
We went here after a good little hike at CVNP. Very little parking available so you have to find a spot down the street and walk to the restaurant. We were seated by this arcade area where tons of little kids were playing. I did not mind it, but it was very loud and a little hard to have a conversation. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable, she suggested the Lamb Burger which is an April special and it was really tasty. We also enjoyed trying a couple different beers with our meal. The waitress said they were expanding their bar to allow for more drafts so that is cool if you're into trying different beers.
It took a solid 5 months, but I finally went back to Barabicu and have decide to upgrade them to 4 stars. My first review is pretty detailed so this update is going to be simple. Pros-Staff is still very pleasant.-Sizes of the sides have increased and you can upgrade to medium or large sides now. -Nice portion sizes in general. You could split food or stuff yourself until it hurts. -Coleslaw and baked beans still good. -Pulled pork and sauces still good. (I actually sprinkled some of the pork on top of a cheese pizza to give it something extra).-Chicken cupcake was a slightly moist and tasty hunk of meat that I enjoyed dipped in either sauce.  -They added plastic tables and chairs for seating in the side room. -Ribs still lean more towards firm than juicy, but I had no problem tearing the meat off the bone this time. Slight Cons-Still don't like that mac & cheese. I know they changed it up with some spices and now it's a weird brownish orange color, but meh for the taste. -They get their bread from the grocery store when they can't go to a local bakery. I'd prefer it if they made their own cornbread or stuck with ordering from local bakeries but it is what it is. -No desserts that I saw. (What about a bacon cookie? Pie?)-They don't offer pickles or onions with the meat like some other BBQ places do. I think it adds to the taste but really not a big deal. -They seem to always have smokehouse meatloaf on special, but rarely anything else. Where is that egg salad with bacon and chimichurri sauce you had when you first opened? Unique specials pique my interest. Overall I would say good job! Not the best I have ever had like some of these glowing 5 star reviews claim, but pretty good and they seem to be fine competitors with the ten or so other BBQ places that have opened up around town (add Hatfield's and Brooklyn BBQ to my prior list). Actually I'd say they were better than a couple of them. It really depends on what kind of BBQ you like (rubs vs sauced, drier vs juicy), also how important are sides to you? Some places have great sides but lackluster meat or vice versa.  I wish them the best of luck and I suggest you give them a try!
Sweet baby Jesus this place is good! I'm often skeptical if a business only has glowing 5 star reviews, but this place is legit and their praise is well deserved!Outside is nondescript, heck even the inside is nothing special, but oh do they make up for it in food and personality! The front is like a little convenience store and the back is where the deli counter is at. Just let them know you're new and they will quickly make up a little sampler platter for you and they make sure to explain what is on everything while they do it. You'll get some bits of shaved corned beef; turkey with house sauce (kind of like a creamy Italian dressing); pastrami with garlic sauce (amazing garlic sauce!), cheese, and thin pickles slices; and their famous reuben. I took my little sampling to a high top table and savored the gloriousness that was happening in my mouth. While there the owner with his legit moustache made some friendly conversation with me. Right away you can tell that this guy is genuine good soul and passionate about his food. He was like "you break bread here, you are like family now!" "I'm so honored to have you come and try our food". He even called me sweetie, but in like in the nice old guy way, not the condescending creepy guy kind of way. He talked about how him and his wife are Lebanese and how they met in Michigan and went to Cleveland State, he spoke fondly of his son who wants to take over the family business, and what a smart family too! Degrees in business, math, engineering, (I forget what degrees, but they were definitely the kind the smart kids get).I decided to go with the reuben $8. They make it on pita or white bread and boy this thing is huge! I also got a side of coleslaw $2. They let me sample some of their chicken and freshly made hummus too. The latter was warm and tasted amazing. Oh man, and they make reuben mac & cheese! They were out of it when I was there, but the owner was like "you just call and I make it for you, no problem". He said they usually have it in the colder months. Shout out to the lady at the deli counter, she was personable too. Everyone who works at this place is family. I like it. All in all, I highly recommend. Like forget Danny's Deli, forget Slyman's, go to Express Deli! Your belly is going to be so happy! I will definitely be going back!
Finally checked this place out and all of the other reviews are pretty spot on:1. NO ONE speaks English in this place, not even the 20 other customers surrounding you. So unless you can speak Spanish you should know what you want to order beforehand, don't ask questions, just point at the menu. 2. The food is simple, good, and cheap with generous portions. We got 3 pupusas with salsa and slaw, 1 tamale, 1 quesadilla with lettuce and tomato, and an order of 3 flauntas with sour cream, avocado, lettuce and tomato for $20.3. This place is not very sanitary. It's definitely a hole in the wall with dust and grime, but what made me cringe was the cook who kept nibbling on the food as she made it. I'm talking no hand washing, just direct contact with your food and their hands then pinches of the food off of your plate into their mouth. Sooooo, if you're looking for good cheap Salvadoran food and don't care about the conditions it is cooked in, then this place is for you. I mean, I saw what they were doing and I still ate the food. I don't know if that says much about me and my standards though...
This review is long overdue! A small water spot appeared on the ceiling below my bathroom and I was unsure of the cause but wanted to get this fixed right away before that spot got bigger and caused major problems. I had called around to different plumbers, but they wanted $40 for the fist 30 minutes of just inspecting then the price goes up to $80! A friend recommended I contact EA Home Repair as they had a very good experience with them fixing their garbage disposal. I got in touch with the owner, Adil, and he was very quick in getting out to my place to assess things for FREE and quick to come back and fix the problem on a date and time that worked best for me. We worked out a price beforehand then we met at Lowe's so I could purchase the needed materials, and with the help of a co-worker, Adil was able to fix everything in about two hours or so. I ended up having to replace my bathtub facet and this rubber thing that goes behind it, installed a new garbage disposal that included some electrical work, and had a small leaky water pipe re-capped for $150. As a young single woman who doesn't know much about repairs, I felt comfortable with these men in my home and trusted that they knew what they were doing (I asked a lot of questions). They seemed upfront, personable, and Adil also has a sense of humor which I appreciated when he encountered my nosy neighbor. You do have to pay in cash, they don't wear covers on their shoes when inside, and they want you to write a review on Angie's List, but I don't dabble in Angie's List at all and I am not paying for a membership just to write a review. Overall I am happy with their service. I would definitely recommend and I will be contacting them for other handyman work in the future!
Went here for a date. He turned out to be a regrettable, lame, ass hat, but at least the burger I got at Tavern Six did not disappoint and my night was not a complete waste of a time.I tried the Breakfast burger ($12) and the Tek's Mex ($11) one, both were good along with the fresh cut fries ($2 extra) and house chips. Every dish that I saw the waiter bring out looked tasty. Beer selection wasn't bad either. It did seem a bit busy inside so service was kind of slow, but that's totally understandable. Seating was a little snug with our table right at the bottom of some steps, but it wasn't too awful especially since I had two tv's to look at instead of my date.I'd check this place out again if I was in the area, would just definitely not recommend meeting up with guys named Nolan on Tinder though. You're best off just bringing your cat as your date and sitting at the bar.
Not a bad place at all! Stopped by with some friends and tried everything from a calamari appetizer to clam linguine and pad thai entrees to thin crust pizza to-go to name a few. Some plates offered large portions and the food was good, (however nothing to rave about). Prices seem to be in the moderate to a little pricey range. Staff was friendly. Atmosphere seemed to be of a slightly classy sports bar, and they had a good band come in which was nice on a Saturday evening. Definitely a 3.5 star place that I'd possibly visit again if in the area, I'm just not rounding up since there was an incident where they wrongly charged tax on to-go food and the attempt to remedy the situation was confusing and left me with overpaying.
This is a cute little wine store in Parma that has wine tastings on Wednesdays and Fridays only. So just to be clear this is not a wine bar, you cannot just show up and drink glasses of wine, it's a store that has special tastings twice a week. During the special tasting you can try 5 wines that are being showcased for $12. There is an option to upgrade to 7 total samples for $20; the 2 extra tastings are from higher priced wines. I would say that the pours are satisfying and my guess would be 4oz each? You can also nibble on cheese and crackers with your tasting. If you go to their website you can sign up for their weekly newsletter which tells you what wines will be featured in the tastings for that week. The Little Birdie Wine Nest also offers fun events throughout the month for you to enjoy! Examples would be paint nights, greeting signs that you make out of paper flowers, decorating wine bottles, and crafts using wine works to make things like initials. (And I verified that these are the legit wine corks made out of cork with a wine stain on one end, not the synthetic ones). At each event you get 3 wine samples and prices range from $25-$45 that I saw. I do not think these are bad prices at all for 2 hours of hands on crafting with drinks and a fun unique experience with friends. The store also obviously sells wine, I picked up a bottle of Cocoa di Vine (chocolate wine). I also grabbed some handmade Cleveland, Ohio wooden coasters from their tiny array of Ohio themed goods. I did see other things for sell like jewelry, shirts, cutting boards, bags with cute little sayings; typical boutique like stuff from various vendors.Lastly I cannot forget Robin, the owner! She was very personable, patient with our group of four talkative ladies, and accommodating by letting me have moscato only for my tastings since I disliked the dry wines on tap for tasting the night we went. We all had an enjoyable time sipping wine and chatting for a couple of hours. I would definitely recommend you check this place out! (Weds of Fri for the tastings!)
I've been looking at all of the drink and food festivals happening around town the next few months so it was awesome to score tickets for this event. And to be hosted in the State Theatre at Playhouse Square, classy! My friend and I were dropped off and picked up so we didn't have to worry about drinking and driving especially since the snow hit that night, but how fitting for the Winter Fest! Tickets are $55 plus a $6 something fee. You get 20 alcohol samples and no restriction on food samples. Crowd seemed to be in the 30 and up club. Pros:-Lots of food samples and generous portion sizes for most. -Got to try drink and food samples from places I had not been to before. -Generous alcohol samples, they always filled my glass to the top. -Love the huge Christmas tree and other holiday decorations (I'm looking at you Mr. Reindeer man!)Cons:-Music kept getting shut off then turned off completely. Killed the mood a little as all you heard then was the loud humming of everyone talking. -No coat check so you had to hold onto your coat or secretly stuff it behind the Christmas tree and hope no one steals it. -Pretty crowded, lots of people sitting on the steps so you had to be careful squeezing past them. -Not enough high top tables to set your cup and plate on so you could enjoy things. Having to hold everything, try to consume it, and not bump into people was a little rough and awkward. I know for me, this caused some clumsy food spills a couple of times. -Would have preferred more wine options. I think there were only three wine tables? We only used 10 drink tickets because there wasn't much we wanted to try or keep going back to. All in all, glad I got the opportunity to check this event out! But, we ended up leaving before it was over, and unfortunately I would probably check out a different holiday food and drink event next year.
Did you know that every month the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad has beer tasting events and wine tasting events?! Well they do and they are a great time so you should grab some friends or your lover and get tickets to the next event! Three friends and I got tickets for the Cinco De Mayo themed beer event and all of us want to come back to try the wine event. It was about $50 for a two hour train ride where you get to sample 5 different beers that are accompanied with appetizers. The appetizers were nothing special, but you get to keep the tasting glass and the staff is super friendly and fun so all around it was a good time and worth the price.Menu:Carib Lager with Chips and Salsa.Estrella Damm with Taco Salad.Estrella Damm Daura with Spanish Rice Salad.Rogue Farms Chipotle Ale with Chicken Quesadilla. Jose Curevo Lime Margarita with Cinnamon Churro. As this is May in Ohio, the scenery was still a little lacking, but I bet the views of the Valley are great during the summer and early fall weather. I would definitely recommend this event to everyone! They even have kid events like the Polar Express in the winter.
Do you enjoy food coma's? Does your work allow for afternoon naps under your desk? If so then you should stop by Zoup for lunch! All of the staff were patient while I took my time trying to decide what to order and they were friendly as well, even offering up all of their soup selections for me to sample. For $8.25 I was able to get a lunch combo meal consisting of 8oz of soup with a bread roll, and half a sandwich. I opted for the Turkey Club and the Chicken Pot Pie soup, both were enjoyable and very filling. And by filling I mean I just had to undo my belt and my eyes want to close for nap time. A co-worker got half a salad with their combo and it was still a nice size and looked tasty. I would probably go for that next time since I over did it on the carbs on my first visit and now my food baby is definitely showing. Just remember this is is a chain. You won't find anything fancy or fresh from the garden here, you also won't find that soup your grandmother won a ribbon for, but you will find a decent lunch at an affordable price served by some pleasant staff. Now if you'll excuse me I need to go run 486704691 miles.
I really really wanted to like this place since it seemed a step up from chain pizza places, yet had some better pricing than Angelo's or Danny Boy's. I placed a delivery order for the seafood pizza and mild wings. The delivery boy was very nice, but I was a bit taken aback when he pulled out a pizza box dripping with grease/oil. I had to go get paper towels for his hands... He immediately knew there was a problem and called his boss about it. Before he left I checked the wings and there was a black hair  on the food... needless to say my money was refunded. I did try the food and the pizza was very salty and greasy even after I set it on paper towels to try and soak it up. I think they should do away with the oil pesto sauce and go with a creamy alfredo or something. The wings came on top of a bed of corn tortilla chips which was different, but since the hair was on the chips I just threw those all away and carefully inspected a wing before trying it. These were fine tasting. I cannot say enough good things about the delivery boy who was very apologetic and got the issue taken care of right away and my money refunded. The food however... I am weary about ordering from there again.
I think I have been to Berea twice in my life, and the second occasion was for a special Fat Head's Beer Dinner event at Grindhouse that my friend wanted to go to. Appearance wise, I think this place looks like a used whole-in-the-wall sports bar, you can probably get a couple more years of good use out of it but don't be surprised if the bathroom ceiling collapses on you from water damage while you're on the toilet. For the special event this is what was on the menu:-Watermelon arugula salad with feta and a balsamic vinaigrette.-Fried calamari, kim chi, and a sesame oriental glaze. -One butternut squash empanada with crushed bacon, maple syrup and creme fraiche. -Sliced filet, blue cheese polenta, and charred brussel sprouts with a red wine glaze. -Banana cheesecake, strawberry coulie, and whipped cream. Beers:-Sunshine Daydream-Goggle Fogger-Spooky Tooth-Up in Smoke-Bumble BerryMy friend and I really enjoyed the food and think that the chef did an awesome job! Only negatives were that the calamari wasn't that impressive compared to the other dishes, and the portion sizes were a bit small so we did leave a little hungry still. For the beer, it wasn't bad, I'm just not a fan of the beers made with bourbon (spooky tooth & up in smoke) and gave those to my friend. Oh and the dinner came to about $50 a person including tax and tip. Funny/awkward side note: A guy who I had talked to months before (and who had sent me a VERY risqu video) was there. Like what a small freaking world, the gods have got to be messing with me. So yeah, we sat as far away as possible and I tried to hide behind a group of middle aged women singing Vanilla Ice songs. In conclusion, I haven't had their regular menu, so I can't comment on that, but I would definitely consider driving out to Berea again for another special food/drink event.
Frontier seems to get a lot of hate so I was a bit worried when a group of friends decided to fly to Las Vegas from Cleveland using Frontier, but I was actually pleasantly surprised with Frontier Airlines. I booked two round-trip tickets online with two checked bags and it came out to $334.20 per person. You can guarantee your seats by paying a fee to pick them in advance, but I skipped this and just checked us in 24 hours before the flight and we had no problem with getting seats right next to each other for no extra charge. The flight out was on time and even got us to Vegas a little bit earlier than scheduled. The flight home was on time as well. No delays like others have experienced. I always like to be prepared so I read the terms, conditions, and restrictions so there was no surprise about the size of carry-on's or what in flight service covers. We also showed up an hour and a half before our flight so we had plenty of time to drop off our luggage, go through security, use the restroom, and grab waters for our four hour flight. When it comes to snacks, since everything is more expensive at the airport, it just makes more sense to bring your own snacks. The planes were clean, the seats are thin but not uncomfortable, at an average height and weight I had no issues with space, and no negative interactions with staff or fellow passengers. Yes the tray tables are smaller and there is no tv screen in the back of the seats, but for me this was not a big deal. I knew I was flying a budget airline so I wasn't expecting bells and whistles. I just brought a book to read for entertainment, talked to my friend, ate some of my snacks, and took a nap to pass time. My only regret is that I forgot my neck pillow at home and since the seats don't recline nap time did involve a kink in my back and some drooling, but that is my fault for not being prepared. There ended up being seven of us flying with Frontier and no one had any issues. Frontier is nothing special, but they had reasonable accommodations and got me where I needed to be. If Frontier has the best deal in the future for a short flight across the states I would fly them again.
Stopped in a couple weeks ago late one Saturday night with a group of friends and it just wasn't the best of experiences. Definitely a younger loud crowd, I'm guessing because of the university close by and all of the apartments in this area. Our server was in training and while she did pretty good on taking care of us, she definitely gave off the impression that she was either worn out, hated her job, or just didn't want to be there. At one point she disappeared for a long period of time and so did the trainer who was supposed to be following up with our table. Another thing to note is that I was very much looking forward to my sandwich, but when I took a bite I had to pull a black shoulder length hair out of my mouth. Typing this right now makes me gag. Oh my sweet baby Jesus it was so disgusting. So yeah, now I have an aversion to Panini's.
Love this little theatre! I went here for an after work event and really enjoyed the show I saw (Death Trap), and the general admission section in the back corner was great for our group to mingle together without being as constrictive as a row of seats would have been. Also really like Tom Hanks and I thought it was cool they donated the bar area. Just be warned that you will get reprimanded if you try to take a picture inside.
Stopped here on a Saturday around noon and loved it! My friend and I found spots at the bar where we enjoyed a relaxed atmosphere, tasty food and drink, and excellent service from bartender Megan!They have a patio for the sunny Ohio days, inside felt pretty open with your choice of tables or bar seating, and if you wanted something a little cozier/away from the crowd there is a loft just up some stairs. You can pick songs from one of those jukebox things and/or watch some sports on their various televisions. You can even take a stroll all around the building and find some sweet street art (that truck is hauling a hop not an artichoke like I first thought FYI). They even have a cool mural of this wild beer king on the inside of their back garage door. For beer I sampled six of their offerings in a flight $9 and my favorite was Punchline (fruit ale). My friend preferred their Anchorman (hoppy steam beer). For food we split a small Poutine Pizza $13. Now this small is more like a medium with 8 slices and it definitely left us feeling stuffed. It was very tasty! I know they describe their pizzas as New Haven Style, no idea what that is, but to me the pizzas were thin and full of sauce and toppings. I hate those wood fired pizzas where the crust is burnt and it's dry with very little toppings so I thought Saucy Brew Works did a wonderful job! I can't wait to try more of their pizzas mmm. This place is one of those self-serve breweries, so if you want to order something you have to go the designated ordering stations (one for beer, one for food), wait in line, fill out a form, grab your plates and utensils, and wait until they text your phone saying your order is ready. Of course staff helps bus tables and refill your water if they have time, but service is really on you unless you sit at the bar. I have no issues with my first visit and plan to go back!
I started going to Melt when they opened their second location in 2010. At first I was like "heck yeah, give me all you've got!" but after awhile the shiny, greasy, appeal of their huge grilled cheese sandwiches started to wear off.  My trips became less and less frequent because the quality of the sandwiches started to diminish, they took away the coleslaw, and raised prices. This place is popular because it's a gimmick; they do like to change things up and keep that whole "we're a cool unique hipster place" vibe, but if you look past all of that and really pay attention to the food, mostly likely you'll be disappointed. Case in point, the new Clam Bake Melt I got last night from the Lakewood location. Keep in mind I called in the order as I was driving to the restaurant so the picture I took is of a fresh sandwich. The menu says it comes with gravy and a cheese spread, but as you can see from the picture, any cheese "sauce" that was on it hardened up and I can barely tell there is any "gravy" on there. Did I really just pay $14.50 for a hard piece of bread with dried up meat on it? Dull, hard, plain, goop -  those are the words I would use to describe this debacle. I was expecting flavor, a huge tasty sandwich covered in sauce and gravy, but instead I got sadness.Sorry Melt fans, I guess I'm just a food snob who won't settle for mediocre, but I have taste buds, so you can't really blame me.
A friend and I decided to pull out the bicycles and get ourselves some ice cream after a long day sailing on Lake Erie. This place was quite busy, but the servers were still patient and friendly when I asked about the seasonal flavors. My friend went with cookie dough and I opted for the strawberry jalapeno. Such a great flavor combination! You get the sweet fruitiness of the strawberry with a kick from the jalapeno. I would also like to point out that their kids scoop is a perfect size for those who love food but who are also trying not to turn into Jabba the Hutt. The size is big enough to quench your sweet tooth and yet small enough you don't feel guilty about it.Other great flavors are the Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp, Widlberry Crumble, and the Campfire S'mores!
I was craving some wings and after a little googling the interwebs told me Dante's Pizza had some pretty great chicken wings so I decided to make a stop. Unfortunately the internet lied to me. Staff was friendly on the phone and in person, and the food (seafood pizza, wings, side salad) was generally A-Okay, but... it wasn't great. I'm not going to count this place out, will probably give it a second shot, but the quest to find delicious, mouth watering, smack your mama wings, is still on!
This place is such a cute little tea parlor! Went here with a friend for high tea and we even wore hats. The tea was great and it was neat how it was loose so you had to strain it over the cup, and they had crystallized ginger to sweeten things up. I was not so impressed with the taste of the finger foods we got, but this place definitely rates high on experience. The sandwiches were in cute little shapes like flowers and pumpkins, and the breads with clotted cream and jam were tasty. Not so good were the sandwiches that were made with very dry old bread and the sweets were nothing to sing home about.BUT, I would definitely check this place out for a regular meal and probably stop by the spa next door for added girl time. Heck even just walking around this cute little town is a treat! Cute little shops and antique stores... It was a very lovely afternoon spent in Olmsted Falls.
Apparently today is "National Just Because Day" and at my work they brought in tons of Spudnuts donuts! I'm usually not a donut eater, but I decided to channel my inner Homer Simpson and indulge in a donut. First things first, these things are huge! About the size of my hand and two inches thick. I picked one with light white icing and a very generous amount of blue sprinkles. Tasty! I think it would have been exceptionally delicious if it was warm mmm. This would be an excellent donut to soak up your coffee with. I'd actually really like to get another one and pop it in the microwave for a few seconds, but I have no plans to star on "My 600lbs Life" any time soon so I'm practicing restraint. Although nobody would have to know since I'm wearing a maxi skirt with a forgiving elastic band...
This place is is a hole-in-the-wall gem! I've gone twice now and the food is always great and the staff friendly. Some of the seating is a little snug, but that just makes it more intimate. I definitely recommend and will be going back to try more things!The food:Croque Madame - A cheese and ham sandwich topped with egg and bechmel sauce. Very tasty. The potatoes that come with it are a little plain, but just ask for a little extra bechmel sauce and it's are all good. Pumpkin Creme Brulee -  Perfect! Love that crispy sugar top and smooth custard inside.
I'm a fan of their sister restaurant, (Paladar in Woodmere), so the news that they were opening up a taco place in RR got me excited! I came in around 5:30pm on a Saturday, (their second day open), and this place was packed! It was a little crazy inside but that is to be expected and management seemed to be on top of it. The staff I encountered were actually seasoned workers from Paladar so that probably helps a lot with making the opening of Bomba as smooth as possible. I heard a hostess say something about an hour long wait so I decided to just snag a spot at the bar and order some food to-go. My wait was about 30 minutes, but it wasn't bad as I made some small talk with the friendly older gentleman next to me who was enjoying his beer. (I do regret not ordering a mojito while I was waiting though, those things are so good!) Now for the food! -Traditional Guac $5.50: Pretty simple but I love that it comes with a mix of yucca, plantain,malanga and corn chips.-BBQ Duck Tostones $9.50: These are really tasty, but damn that price for only 3.  -Tacos: Crispy Fish, Roasted Pork Al Pastor, Chorizo & Potato $3 each: I got these on the flour tortillas and thought they were all pretty tasty. If you want to liven up the traditional guac you can, but the additional ingredients will cost you .50-$1 each. They have 19 taco options for you to choose from with each taco costing $3-$4 and a recommendation that you get 3-4 per person. It would be great if they had a discounted taco hour or taco night. Sides are $3.50 each and are things like coconut mango rice, black bean soup, salvadorian slaw, or adobo fries. All in all I think Bomba is a welcomed addition to RR and that it will do very well here. This place doesn't offer huge portions and it's not the cheapest, but the food hit the spot for me so I will definitely be back.
We stopped in a little after noon on on Saturday. This place was busy but we did not have a wait. A bit hot inside, all of the staff were noticeably sweating and it took us a little time to cool down. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. Seemed like a pretty well run business. Seating wise it was mostly community seating (everyone at one big table), but that just allowed for us to make a little small chat with our neighbors if we wanted to. As for the food we split the 1/2lb of fatty brisket $13, 1/2lb of pork belly $14, cucumber salad $6, and the hot greens $6. The food came out pretty fast. At first glance we thought the portions seemed small and that we would be hungry soon after our meal, but that was not so. Our bellies ended up full but comfortable. As for the food itself, I thought it was some of the best meat I have ever had! Like melt in your mouth good. There is only one sauce and it was vinegar based, but that totally worked well with the meat, especially the pork belly since the vinegar cut the fat. I also really enjoyed the cucumber salad as it was light and refreshing with a nice dill flavor. Hot greens were okay, my dining companion really enjoyed them. We did not eat the slices of white bread, but they seemed to be of the bakery kind and not from a grocery store. Pickles were way too hot, like my mouth was on fire after eating one. Sure this place seems pricey, but it is downtown and the price point fits in with that. Also, definitely not a bust your gut kind of BBQ place, but getting a food coma isn't always what I want every time I go out to eat. I would definitely come here again!
Yes I am a fan of this place! It's located right off of I-176 so it's easy to get to. The inside has the typical Central America restaurant decor with lively colors, landscape paintings, and birds. When I first walked in there was no one to greet me but a gentleman quickly showed up and we had a pleasant conversation about the menu. I went with a variety of pupusas at $2 each since that is what this place is known for. I also opted for the sweet plantains, refried beans, and homemade sour cream platter which came in at $6. (Prices are great here!)Pupusas are like a stuffed pancake but made with masa - a corn dough. The garlic and cheese pupusa smells amazing and the Revuelta with pork, beans and cheese is the most popular pupusa, but they have other flavors with chicken, exotic flower, jalapeno, spinach or zucchini. The pupusas come with a simple but tasty cabbage slaw (no mayo base here) and a thin tomato sauce. They're about 5 inches in diameter and two are enough of a meal to fill you up; A simple tasty meal!I found the fried plantains, refried beans, and homemade sour cream to all be pretty tasty as well. I can't stress enough how good simple authentic Salvadoran food is! I will definitely hit this place up again, probably on a Wednesday though since that's when they make their special sweet corn Atol.
I was in the area the other night so I decided to meet up with a friend at Fast Eddie's. I must say it was a pleasant evening. We were seated right away and our server, Emily, was awesome. Very friendly and patient, just on top of her game. For food I got the meatloaf dinner $13. This came with fresh tasting garlic green beans, legit homemade mashed potatoes, brown gravy, and meatloaf with some fried onion straws on it. Generous portion sizes. I also got a side of their coleslaw $3. I ended up with two meals. Now I have had better meatloaf (the kind my mom makes), but I still thought everything was tasty. I'll keep this review simple; the food is good, nice portion sizes, reasonable prices. I will continue to come here. Oh and watch out for their daily specials like chicken paprikash or Tex-Mex mac & cheese!
I saw a picture of a fancy delicious looking cheese platter on Yelp and immediately wanted to come to Old Brooklyn Cheese Company. I showed up on a Saturday afternoon and what I found was a simple cheese shop with an owner who is very passionate and knowledgeable about his cheeses.  My friend ordered a sandwich and from what I gathered about their experience was that the sandwich was okay/good, but that the panini pressed bread was so hard it tore up the roof of their mouth. I ordered a 3 cheese board ($15) and was given a sampling of a 4th cheese on the house. This board was beautiful. Chunks of cheese paired with jams, mustards, fruits, nuts, honey, olive oil, and a basket of sliced bread. They don't write down what cheese you selected so from memory I think I got a cheese with peppercorns, some caramely cheese, and two bries... I think. The one that was melted I loved, but really I thought they were all good and ate the leftovers for breakfast the next morning. (Maybe write the names of the cheese down so if the customer likes it they can order more if they come back?).We brought in our own bottles of water to drink.Staff was definitely full of character and personable. They have no problem with letting you sample what they have to offer (be wary of the rattlesnake cheese, packs some heat!). The owner chatted with us for a bit which is something I always enjoy because it puts a face behind the name, lets you learn more about the product/vision, and it allows you to establish a positive connection to the business.Another great thing about this business is that they are very local. By that I mean they sell cheese created in-house, locally, and from other countries; some local pickles (Randy's Pickles); some local bread (Blackbird); some local jams (Cleveland Jam) and meats (Europa Charcuterie); and beverages (Old City Soda). So it's a wonderful place if you need to pick up cheese and want to support a local shop who sells other locally made items that pair well with the cheese. It's also a wonderful shop if you have money to spend to impress your work or other groups of people ($100 cheese platters), because these platters are fabulous. Way better than your standard Giant Eagle fair. So why 4 stars instead of 5? Because while I enjoyed my experience, I still felt like something was missing. I couldn't think of a reason to come back soon. I'm not at sugar mama status just yet so I can't afford to purchase the large platters for social occasions. I'm also solo so buying blocks of cheese, a large tube of cured meat, or even a whole baguette is not something I do. That stuff would go bad faster than I could snack on it. And while I know some places around Cleveland offer BYOB, that's illegal and Old Brooklyn is not even gonna risk it so no wine to pair with that cheese. If Old Brooklyn Cheese Company sold wine and offered wine tastings in the future I would 100% support them. As a young professional I enjoy a place I can meet up with friends or dates after work and enjoy a lovely cheese board and a drink. Down the road I think I'd come in for a 3 cheese board again (or a meat and cheese board if they have it?), I'd just get it to-go and assemble at home for better enjoyment. Otherwise if you don't care about selecting your own cheeses I heard that Vino Veritas is a new winery right down the road that sells little cheese boards from Old Brooklyn (this might be more of what I'm looking for). Lastly, as we were paying our bills, my friend was told they didn't have to tip but the staff member awkwardly watched the screen and asked if I was going to. I'd suggest turning the screen completely away and taking a step back so the customer can decide about gratuity without the staffs influence. I encourage you to check this place out and decide for yourself!
My family and I went to the restaurant on Father's Day.  This was our first visit. There was a special menu for us to order from instead of the regular one. My husband and I ordered a NY Strip. We asked the waitress the size of the steak and she said she said she thought 10 ozs. He ordered his to be cooked medium and I asked for mine to be cooked  medium rare to medium. His was to be blackened and when he got it, it was cooked well done and did not appear to be blackened the way we are used to getting at restaurants. My steak was also cooked well done.  We both told our waitress and she apologized and said she would have more steaks cooked for us. One of the owners told my husband she would have another one cooked for him and wanted to make sure how my husband wanted it cooked. She told him that it was due to the cut of meat they had. She never checked in with me. The other owner or chef came out with the steaks and said rudely that if he knew we wanted them medium rare he would have cooked them that way.   Our steaks were actually cooked rare, but we could tolerate that better. The steaks had a lot of fat on them also - almost 4 ozs on my husband's. The owner checked back with my husband and when he showed her all the fat on the steak, she offered to get him something else. She asked him if he wanted to try the short ribs. She told him they were actually better than the steak. She told him that it was due to the cut of steak they had.I had also asked the owner if the lemonade was freshly squeezed and she told me it was. When I got it, it tasted like a mix. I switched it for an Arnold Palmer which tasted much better. The tea had juices mixed in it and there was pulp, but interestingly enough the lemonade did not have any pulp. I discussed the steaks with the owner and she told me that her husband is the chef and he said that medium cooked steaks do not have any pink in them. I told her that my husband is a chef and that there is pink in a medium cooked steak. She then told me that they normally do not have steak on the menu and it was  offered due to Father's day. She offered to provide me with a dessert which I accepted. My husband had already gone out before I spoke to the owner and he said he would have definitely discussed how steaks should appear when cooked to different temperatures. We originally went there because we wanted to try the New Orleans Louisiana cuisine but stayed even though they were not offering the items off their standard menu. We were not pleased with the food and the response of the owners. The waitress we had did take care of us to the best of her ability.
Great pizza and craft Italian beers.  Saw the place on Travel Channel and had to try it.
An outstanding beer selection on draught and an excellent menu bring this hole in the wall from the outstanding to the sublime.  Try the mac & cheese.
I ate here five years or so ago and it wasn't the worst slophouse in Vegas, but it was close.  It's gone up a notch or so, but I'd still rather go to Bellagio or Wynn if I absolutely must stay on the strip.  Best in town (IMHO) is GVR.
First off: I hate car buying.  Carmax was alright, but I hate buying a car.  You do your homework on how much KBB and Edmunds say your trade in is worth, you look at all the sites, check Truecar to make sure you know the price, you think you're savvy, and you're still at the dealer's mercy.Case in point: I went through USAA's car buying service.  I found the car I wanted and could afford, and looked up my trade in online.  I traded in a motorcycle, which all appraisal sites said was worth $14K trade.  Newport called the local motorcycle dealer, and the dealer said they'd only buy it from them for $10K, which was exactly what I had left on the loan. Egyptian Rat Screw #1.Egyptian Rat Screw #2: I had a pre-approved check from USAA for the car.  The dealer still made me do a credit application just in case the check bounced.  This, of course, caused a hard credit inquiry on my credit score, lowering it another few points.All in all, it took three and a half hours to drive away with the car.  The salesman didn't even offer me a test drive.  Most dealers take the car off the line and detail it while you're waiting for the financing, but they waited until I had signed the contract.  By that time, the service department was closed, so I had to come back to get the car detailed.  Oh, and the car was on empty.  It has a 16 gallon gas tank and it took 15.5 gallons to fill up.When I picked up the green slip a week and a half later (even though the information is transmitted electronically now in Nevada, and the dealership doesn't have to physically take the paperwork to the DMV and this dealership is directly across from the E. Sahara Ave DMV) it comes up that the car's smog is out of date and it has to be smogged before I can get the plates.  I thought a car had to have a valid smog to take it off the lot.  I guess I was wrong.  Good thing they own a smog station on premises and didn't charge me for it.Those are the negatives.  Here are the positives: I called the night before and asked for the car to be placed on hold.  Francisco did that for me.  When I arrived, the car was actually in the showroom with a sold sign on it.  I came back the next Saturday and the did a great detail job on it.  When I picked up the green slip, they smogged the car for free.  All cars come with a two month, 2000 mile power train warranty.I love my car, high miles and all.  I took it to Friendly Ford to get a new key cut (there was only one, and a new key cost $350.00) and the service writer said the car looked clean and in good shape, despite the high mileage.  The car's price was within range according to KBB.com.  I am hopeful that I never have to buy another car again, and I'm kind of iffy about going back to these guys.  It will depend on whether or not I can find the car I want at another dealer.
This is the last one left in Vegas. There used to be several, but they all went away.  For the money, a great place to pick up a fresh pizza for a family dinner or a casual night with friends.  Mind you, you have to bake it yourself, but that's not an inconvenience for a pizza this good.
Great gyros, but the lamb and rice is to die for. Prices are reasonable and the service is great.
I love the idea of Korean-Mexican fusion.  But, I don't know if we went there on a bad day, or they paid Guy Fieri a ton to hawk their place, but I wasn't impressed.  I ordered the bulgogi burrito and Jamie had the bulgogi plate.  The meat was dry, and I had to ask for kimchi on the side.  Korean restaurant, kimchi ON THE SIDE???  There should have been kimchi IN everything.Sorry, folks, I'm not going back.
We love this place.  The food and service are incredible and the portions are well worth the money.  Besides, the have Orion beer from Okinawa; that gives them 10 points off the top to start.  The only down side is that it's located in The District and I live in Sunrise, so it's a half-hour drive to get there.  If I lived closer, I'd be eating there at least once a week.
Oh wow!  Where do I begin?  This place was recommended to me by a Chinese brother who lives in LA.  He wasn't wrong.  Szechuan doesn't always mean spicy, although some of what they serve will peel the paint off the walls.  Heat without flavor is just an exercise in pain control.Oh yes, there is heat aplenty, but there's also a deep flavor underlying the heat.  We started with the Yunnan noodle soup.  It was a clear broth, but very flavorful, and a good beginning to what came next.  At my Brother's recommendation, we ordered the boiled fish and beef in sauce (piquant), the Chongqing Spicy Chicken (it's a popcorn chicken style with deep fried chilis), and the green beans.  I was sweating by the time I was done, but what we took home was gone within 10 minutes of getting home by our son.Oh yes, the place is only about the size of a postage stamp, and we had to sit at a round table with two other groups.  We were also the only ones in the place using English menus, if that tells you something.I will not go to any other Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas again if I can help it.
I was first turned on to this place by my favorite blog: Ernie's House of Whoopass (www.ehowa.com).  The burgers are made fresh and the toppings are copious and flavorful.  The fries come out either plain or Cajun (we love the Cajun) and the drinks are unending.  Good value for the price.
OK, so I work here and I'm biased.  The new decor and the old school Vegas feel of the place make it the perfect stop for dinner, a show, and gaming downtown. Check out the Longbar and the big screen TVs, or enjoy the Dancing Dealers in the pit area.  Anyway you look at it, the D is a A+.
This is the best seafood place in Vegas.  Period.  End of discussion.  End of review.
Indoor soccer in Las Vegas?  You bet your astroturf.  The Legends won the Pacific Division in their first two seasons, and they're poised to win it all this year.  To be perfectly honest, field soccer is as exciting to me as watching paint dry.  This, however, is incredibly exciting, fast, and fun.  The tickets are reasonably priced, and it's a great time out for the family.  They deserve to fill the Orleans Arena every game, and you should be there to help them do it.
Del Taco is the second faux-Mexican aberration to come out of California (behind Taco Bell).  Being a transplanted Californian in Las Vegas, I'll go out of my way for Roberto's.  That being said, it'll do in a pinch.
The original and the best seafood in Vegas. Bring gloves, because you're going to get sauce on your hands and all over the place.
Oh wow.  Where do I start?  Let's start with the bistro in the back, with great sandwiches on freshly baked baguettes and the best French onion soup in town.  Then there's the pastries in the front.  This is the place where all the faux-French places in town get their pastries and desserts.  All I can say is Yum!
There's nothing like a fresh, hot Krispy Kreme doughnut.  Except, however, when you're going to use them to make bread pudding.  Then they go from the exceptional to the sublime.
Growing up in San Diego in the 1970's meant Mickey D's, Jacks, BK, KY Fry, DW, and if I was good, Carl's Jr.  A Super Star with Cheese, Criss-Cut Fries and a drink was a treat.It still is.  With all the choices in fast food burgers, Carl's is still one of the chains at the top of my list.  As a matter of fact, I think it sounds good for dinner tonight on my way to DeMolay.
Dr. Castro and his staff are the best in town.  They really care about the animals they see.  When we lost one of our cats that we'd had for over 12 years, they sent a condolence card.  I won't trust my furry family members to anyone else.
I first came here about four years ago.  The manager was the brother of a dealer I worked with at GVR.  A group of us from GVR went there after work and were treated to a fantastic meal.The food hasn't changed.  It's till delicious and very reasonably priced.  The calamari appetizer is an absolute must, and the small bowls of pho are enough to feed two people.Good food, good price.  Go.
Let's start by saying that thanks to growing up in San Diego in the 1970's, 30+ years in the medical field, and countless TDYs to Thailand and the PI, I have come up against (pardon the pun) more than my share of exquisite women with impressive... ahem... let us say attributes.So on the whole, you're probably thinking that I would usually find a show with exquisite women with impressive attributes boring, and you're right.  And I would have been out the door after the first 15 minutes if this show was only about the aforementioned.  After all, this is Vegas: a city with more beautiful women with exceptional... attributes (natural and enhanced) per capita than any city in the world.This show isn't about the women and attributes, it's about talent.  These girls can dance and perform and sing and keep an audience of both men and women in their seats for an hour.  The performers could have been wearing bikini tops during the entire show and it would have been just as worth seeing.  Of course, they ARE spectacularly beautiful as well as incredibly talented, so it's a win-win situation.If you're on the north strip around 10:30 PM and want to see a great show, stop by the Westgate and see this one.  You won't be disappointed.
Zelzah Shrine Temple was honored today as the Citizen of the Month.  The council chambers were state-of-the art, roomy and spacious.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  It's a great venue to watch the working of our city government.
In a town full of mom and pop taco shops, this is one of them.  Not that it's bad, mind you; it's just not all that different.  The food is good and the prices are reasonable, but it's nothing special.
People bad mouth the military medical system, but having worked there for the last four years of my Air Force career, I can say that the MOFMC is one of the best military medical facilities.  My family and I are on Tricare Prime, and we choose to have the MOFMC as our primary healthcare facility.
What more can you say?  One thing I wish they had here that they do overseas is breakfast.  The Popeye's on bases overseas to a spicy chicken breast fillet with egg and cheese on a biscuit.
Oh, wow.  Where do I start?  One of my friends brought me here.  It's in the old Ragin' Cajun, but it's nothing like that.  The menu is only what I can call "Asian Eclectic."  I had the whole Maine lobster pho, my friend had the razor clams in lemongrass and Thai basil.  The staff are great and the service is fantastic.  To quote a TV show I like, "You Gotta Eat Here."
Actually, my stylist rents a stall there, and she's the best.  The other staff are helpful and friendly, but Jamie is incredible.  She's been cutting my hair for over 5 years now.  There's an old saying that a person will change doctors more easily than they'll change barbers.  Jamie Thomas-Develbiss is the best.  Ask for her.
We've tried every place Guy Fieri has recommended in Vegas, and as far as we're concerned, he's 3/4.  The only place he got wrong was Lotus of Siam (It sucks).  This place is great.  The food is wonderful and the service is quick and attentive.  I had the Bronzed Shrimp and Grits, and my wife had the shrimp platter with the shrimp blackened.  We also had the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert.  The only criticism was Jamie said her shrimp were too salty.  I could have eaten two bowls of the grits.  It's inspired me to try to make it myself.  I don't think I'll be able to do it, but I'll give it a go.
I had the two meat combo with beans and slaw.  The brisket was dry and the hot links weren't.  They did have never-ending pickles and soda.  I'll stay with Famous Daves or John Mull's.
I love Mediterranean food, and this is some of the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable.  I had the lamb kebab.  It came with Basmati rice, a Greek salad, and grilled tomatoes and onions.  I also had rice pudding for dessert.  Wow!
The best local brewery in Vegas.  There's no food, but there's a great food truck outside that will bring the goodies in to you.
Oh, wow.  Where to start?  This is a Las Vegas institution.  When I was a dealer at the old Sahara, we used to go here after work at 3:00 AM for an omelet and champagne.  The fireside lounge is kitchy, old-school Vegas, but the bar staff are great and the mixologists build great drinks.  Oh, and did I mention the food is tasty, reasonably priced, and there's a lot of it?  If you're on the strip and need a good meal at a good price, or you want to sit back and relax in a nice lounge and enjoy a beverage, this is THE place to go.
Now, let's get this straight: I usually love this.  Up till this year, this was a lot of fun.  This year's was flat.  No Utilikilts, no Clan Inebriated, no mead.  Maybe it'll be better next year.
Simply, the best Lao and Thai food on the East side. Comparable to Thai Style Noodle House.
This place needs very little in the way of a review.  Delicious, decadent, everything your doctor says you shouldn't eat.  But you will anyway.  Several times. Whenever you can.
I've always liked Fuddruckers.  The burgers are cooked to order and the toppings are fresh.  Shame it's in the Orleans and I live behind Nellis.
This is the best Thai place in Vegas.  Period.  End of sentence.  I've been all over country, from Udorn to Hatyai, and this place is just good old fashioned Thai home cooking and Bangkok street food.  I don't know where Food Network get off on Lotus of Siam (worst in town).
I grew up with this California-based chain.  For me, a polish sandwich with kraut is comfort food.  I have to eat here at least once every couple of weeks.  You should to.  Interestingly enough: you can buy a chili dog, a chili cheese dog, a chili burger, a chili cheese burger, but you can't buy a bowl of chili.
I remember when it was the Las Vegas Hilton and it had the Star Trek Experience.  Then it was the LVH, and Raiding the Rock Vault was there.  Now, it's the Westgate, the latest iteration.  We were there watching The King starring Trent Carlini, thanks to fillaseat.com.  He put on a good show: he's a great singer and if you close your eyes, you can almost believe you're not listening to an Elvis impersonator.My advice, it's a great way to enjoy an hour of Elvis hits.  We'll go back again.
Cap's is the best sub shop in town, bar none.  Fresh, fast, and friendly.  Don't forget to tip beer money, these folks deserve it.
Al's is classic Chicago.  We went two days after they opened, and the sandwich was just OK.  I'm sure it'll get better as the staff gain experience.
This is one of the best places on the East side, and possibly in Vegas.  Not only is everything fresh, but they deliver (www.eat24hours.com).  Not only pizza, but pasta, wings, and Italian dinners.  Great prices.
If there's a school for something, it can be found in Vegas.  I have been fortunate to have to have been through the three best trade schools in town.Coach Tom is an incredible instructor.  His mnemonics for remembering over 200 drinks and his way of teaching customer service make it easy to learn to be not just a bartender (any monkey can pour a drink) but a commercial, PROFESSIONAL bartender.Whether you're looking to be just a weekend bartender, or you have aspirations of serving in the highest-end establishments in Vegas, this is the place to start.
I had been talking with someone at work last week, and they suggested this a a great place for an inexpensive, great-tasting pizza.  So we sallied forth, infiltrated the place of purveyance and negotiated the vending of some combustibles.In a word: average.  In several words: the pizza was alright, the cheesy bread was good, and the hot wings were OK.  Maybe we got there on a bad night (it WAS 110 degrees at 6:PM), so I don't know.All in all though, I'll still go to Napoli.
If I could open one of these in San Diego, I'd make a million.  I love Cane's.  I'd never seen one before coming to Vegas, and there's one down the street from my school.  I tend to eat there about once or twice a week.  The chicken tenders are fresh, the fries are always hot, and the Cane's sauce is perfect.
Old school Vegas at it's best.  This place is arguably the best Italian food in town.  I had the Eggplant de Amore with a side of meatballs.  Both were perfectly cooked and incredible.  It's a bit pricey, but well worth it for a special night out.
Quick down and dirty: Good tasting Chinese food, good prices, close to home, and they deliver.  It's not Wing Lei, but it'll do in a pinch.
First of all: this is my second time here, and I wasn't impressed the first time.  This time, we went for heavy appetizers and drinks before seeing the new Star Wars movie.Now, I'm a fan.  They streamlined down the menu and upscaled the liquor selection.  The bartender knew how to make a proper wet martini (and she was bloody gorgeous, which doesn't hurt, either).  The antipasti plate was full to the brim and delicious, the mussels were cooked perfectly, and there was a guy with a guitar playing in the bar who was great accompaniment to the meal.I opened Aliante as a dealer back in 2008, and it has a special place in my heart.  I try to go there as often as I can, and now I have a favorite watering hole there in which to drink and munch.If you're going to the movies and want a great little place for a drink and food before and/or after, this is a good place for you.
MCB is one of the best BBQ places in town.  I say "one of the best" because I sometimes find that the meat can be dry.  The beans, cole slaw and fried pickles are to die for, though.
Good, solid Chinese food served fast at a good price.  Lunch specials are a good value.
Who ever looks for a Chinese restaurant inside a locals dive casino?  Well, here's one.  The Baos are great, as are the rice bowls.  Oh, and you have to get an eclaire for dessert.
Simply put: one of the best bowls of pho you'll get in Vegas.
The Warrior Fitness Center on Nellis AFB is an incredible venue.  Two stories, it boasts basketball courts, three-lane Olympic swimming pool, and a massive weight room downstairs; as well as a quarter-mile cushioned track, cardio machines, and group exercise room upstairs.  There's also a small smoothie bar that serves an incredible lox, bagel and cream cheese sandwich.  If you're eligible to use the base, then this gym is for you.
A Glatt Kosher (Chabad) restaurant is such a find in Vegas, especially when the food is great, the service is exceptional, and they know what a bencher is.  It's a bit pricey, but well worth the cost for the quality, taste, and amount of food you get.
This is the monthly watering hole for Queho Posse #1919, ECV.  The food's as good as any other Sierra Gold/PTs.  The wait staff are friendly and quick, and the televisions show the latest sports.  What's not to like?
If you want a great career in the allied-health professions, there is no better place to start than Pima.  Yes, CSN is cheaper, but you don't get the personal attention or education that Pima offers.
Just another dark, smoky local place.  Went there for a friend's 90th birthday.
Melissa takes good care of our Sheltie-Pomeranian mix.  They're friendly, professional and reasonable.
Let me start by saying that I had their weekday buffet lunch about eight years ago and I wasn't impressed.  Either they shot the chef at that time, or they decided to start serving authentic Thai food, I don't know.  Either way, they deliver seriously good Thai food through eat24hours.com.  I think I've mentioned before that I spend quite a bit of time in Thailand, and I really love Thai food; HOT Thai food; AUTHENTIC Thai food.  This time, we ordered Pahd See Ew Gai (chicken noodles), Khao Pahd Gai (chicken fried rice), red chicken curry, and papaya salad with sticky rice.  Foodgasm!  The fried rice and noodles are going to be lunch next week, the rest will be gone by tomorrow.If you live on the east side and are too lazy/tired/drunk to get to Pon Ocha Soup, get on eat24hours.com and order from this place.
All I can say is WOW!.  I lived in Okinawa for seven years and this is as good or better than anything I had in Japan.  The menu is very thorough, the prices are reasonable, and the fact it's less than $30.00 AYCE made while you wait and always fresh makes this the best place in town.
I love teaching here.  Yes, it's a Title I school, but we're now a three-star school and the Air Force JROTC program is spectacular.  I don't say that just because that's what I teach.  We have over 175 cadets in our program, up from 125 last year, and we're hoping for over 225 next year.  Our athletics programs are also of renown, with our Flag Football team winning #1 in Nevada last year.
Chicago-style.  Pizza, Italian beef, Chicago dogs.  I drive to the one in Henderson from Sunrise Mountain just for a fix.  It's either this, or Lou Malnoti's overnight direct from Chicago, and this is cheaper.  The only Chicago-style pie better in Vegas was the old Pie Town.
Palace Station is the first of the Stations Casinos chain, and it shows.  It's smoky, dark, and the food is only passable. The upside is the rooms are relatively cheap and it's close to the strip.
Dave Anderson has created a chain fo BBQ restaurants that provide delicious BBQ at a reasonable price.  The feast for two is really enough for four, and the deep fried pickles are a great way to start.  But if you want a great side, their spicy dill pickles are a great accompaniment to the BBQ.  Also, if you like your sauce spicy, ask for Wilbur's Revenge sauce.  If that doesn't wake up your taste buds, nothing will.
My mother and brother were born and raised in Chicago, and I love Chicago-style food.  Until now, I'd not found a good place in Vegas to get an Italian beef sandwich or a real Chicago dog.  I have now.  They even have all the fixin's for sale, including the Vienna Beef hot dogs, sport peppers, and giardinare.  Forget about Al's, come here.  They also have another location where they serve Chicago pizza, but I've not tried them (yet).  But I promise I will.
I made the big mistake of buying a car from one of those fly-by-night streetside lots (R/T Motorsports), and after several thousand dollars worth of repairs, I finally decided to get something reliable.  I had purchased from CarMax several years ago, so I was familiar with their process.  I made an appointment (not necessary, but suggested), and I had my POS apprasied, a great car picked out, and financing approved in less than an hour.  When I brought my spouse in that night to sign the paperwork, we were in and out in another hour.  My only gripe is that the appraisal was for the car at its wholesale price, not it's KBB or NADA value, so I had to roll more than I really wanted into the new loan.But they don't give you the hard sell, and they're very knowledgeable about their product and services.  I'd buy from them again.
Oh wow.  How do I describe this place?  I've always said that any ethnic restaurant where people of that ethnicity fill the place must be either good or they pay a lot of people to sit in the window.  IN this case, it's the former.  I went with an Indian friend and she was in heaven.  I've been to India a couple of times and the food here is as good as anything I had there.  Prices are reasonable.  Warning: if you order the Inferno curry, the waiver isn't a joke.  This curry is made with pure Ghost Peppers and it will take a half-gallon of lasse to cool the burn, but it's delicious once the burn subsides.  I loved it.   In one word: go.
Adequate.  The free Thai tea for my first Yelp check-in was nice.  The panang-gai wasn't spicy at all and was a bit bland.  The rice didn't smell or taste like jasmine rice.  I'll try again and let you know.
A real Irish pub serving great food and drinks.  Ask for the Irish breakfast and you won't be disappointed.
Normally, I don't go this far out of my way to see a movie, but they were the only theater in town playing the movie I wanted to see in Real 3D at the time I wanted to see it.  The theater was clean and the seats were the usual Regal comfortable recliners.
Let's get this straight: almost all the best restaurants in Vegas are in Chinatown, and most of those are within two blocks of the corner of Spring Mountain and Wynn.  Thai-Style Noodle House, Pho Vietnam, Hot and Juicy Crawfish, Yunnan Garden, Hawaiian-Style Poke, and of course the 99 Ranch Market are right there.  Sura Korean BBQ and Cathay House are just a few blocks farther down.If you're looking for a fast and tasty sandwich in the Chinatown area, this is the place.  get the Asian sandwich.  Make it a combo with spring rolls and a soda.
First of all, I don't like restaurants with celebrity chefs.  Just because the chef has his/her name on it and the recipes are theirs, doesn't mean the QC of the food is there.  Tony G has brought his recipes and his attitude to Vegas and it works.  Very well.That being said, forget this restaurant has the word "pizza" in its name.  Yes, the pizza is the best in town (most probably the best in the US), but it's the Italian food that makes this place the best west of the Mississippi.  The pasta is made in house daily, the beer selection is top notch, the portions are enormous without sacrificing quality, and the taste will send you into a frenzy of singing "Santa Lucia."We started with the deep fried artichoke hearts and the salumi and cheese plate.  The artichokes didn't survive the first 30 seconds on the table, and there was so much salumi and cheese and fresh foccacia that we had to bring it home.Next we ordered the sausage and peppers dinner and a Neapolitan Margarita pizza.  Forget everything you know about Neapolitan pie.  This will make you reevaluate what you did with your life before you tried this.  The sausage and peppers was likewise delicious.The prices are reasonable for what you get.  We went to the one in GVR, but there's the first one in Vegas downtown on 3d street.  They also have a Chicago-style place in Palace Station, and that's next on the list.Finally: go. Go today.  Go now.  If they're not open yet, stand in line until they are.
Right down the street.  I needed a fast battery for my car and they were quick and friendly.  Great job.
There's nothing like an Hawai'ian plate lunch to keep you going through a day: meat, rice, and macaroni salad.  Although it's a chain, L&L is actually pretty good.  The BBQ mix plate is a combination of bulgogi, kalbi ribs, and grilled chicken, along with the carbs.  Add a side of Kimchi and I don't have to go to Chinatown for a good Korean feast at a reasonable price.The other Hawai'ian specialties are just as good: Spam musubi, Kahlua pork, Loco Moko; it's all good.Aloha and Mahalo.
The easiest way to save a life is to give blood, and UBS is a great place to do that.  Me, I just do it for the cranberry juice and cookies.
Let's just say that if you have a choice between Chipotle and this place, you're crazy if you go to Chipotle.  I had the steak burrito, enchilada style (wet with cheese baked on.  LOTS of cheese).  Delicious at a reasonable price.
So it's been 10 months since I bought my Vette.  When I had the problem with the gas smell and they said they had fixed it, they fixed it all right: by siliconing the crack in the left fuel cell around the crack between the left fuel cell and the crossover tube.  Their idea of fixing the problems was to just fix it enough to get it off the lot and me out of their hair.  Since then, I have had to buy new right and left fuel cells and a crossover tube, a new radiator, and a new water pump.  Total price: $4000.  Oh, and I found out later that the Vette wasn't used every day like I was told, but that it sat on the lot for a year before it was ever serviced (through the Carfax service report).  The Vette runs like a champ now, but if anyone's interested, you can take it off my hands for what's left on the loan.  I will not buy from then again, nor will I ever buy from anyone except aa dealer preferred by my bank again.
To be honest: the show wasn't all that much.  The band was great, the dancers were also very good, and if that was all to the show, I'd probably give it another star.  Claire Sinclair is truly a beautiful woman, and you can see why she was Playboy's Playmate of the Year, but her coming out at various and sundry times during the show and displaying her attributes covered in a couple of pasties actually detracts from the show.  A couple of the female dancers also go topless with pasties during a couple of the musical numbers, but  it seems to be more like an afterthought that a deliberate part of the show.It was free, so I'm not complaining, but I don't think I'll be paying to see it again anytime soon.  Oh, the bartender outside also shorted the drinks.
I went int LVHD and it took almost 30 minutes to find a sales person.  Once I found him, he really didn't seem like he was interested in selling me a bike.  I went to Henderson HD the next day and was made to feel at home the moment I walked into the dealership.  I told the salesman what I was looking for and he showed me the selection.  I found the exact bike I wanted at the price I wanted to pay.  We concluded the transaction the next day, and I rode out two hours after I walked in.NB: The folks in Black Mountain HOG are also friendlier than those in LVHOG; less drama and politics.
People bad-mouth the DMV.  It's not the fault of the people who work there; everyone who has helped me there has always been nice.  I think it's the fact that there are more people who require DMV services than the state can employ to keep everyone's expected waiting time down.  I've never had to wait more than a half hour for anything, and less than 5 minutes on quite a few occasions.
The Whiskey Attic and the beer fridge are wonders to behold.  Good food and great atmosphere.  What say the brethren?  Satisfactory.  And so recorded.
I don't see where the negative reviews are coming from.  I ordered the burger with brie and bacon, my wife ordered it with foie gras and bacon, and my son had the lamb burger.  We sided it with the fried pickles and both the Parmesan/garlic and the truffle fries.  We all like our burgers medium rare, and they all came out perfectly cooked and very tasty.
Went to see the Legends play their inaugural game against the Stars of Mexico.  4000+ in a 7000-seat arena.  Great seats one row behind the Legend's bench.  Great game.  Food and drink a bit pricey, but one can't have everything.  Go Legends!!
There are many places in Vegas to get Greek food, and you can get gyros and falafel at any middle eastern hole in the wall.  But you can't get quality like this anywhere else.  Yes, it's in a mall, but it's worth braving the mall rats.  We love this place, and we make the trip to Henderson whenever we're hungry for the good stuff.
This has always been one of my favorite places in town, despite all the bad press.  The food has always been great, the service wonderful, and the 3-day marinated sangria (as well as the pitchers of mojitos) goes down WAY too smoothly.
Not too bad for sushi.  The nigri and rolls are very good, and the prices are reasonable.  We were there with friends and the staff was attentive without being cloying.  We'll be back.
I can honestly say that of all the casinos in Vegas, Cannery is one of them.  We were there for the Weird Al concert.  We had a blast.  Other than that, I don't frequent casinos.  I've had enough of them after being a pit boss.
So, today I took the missus for my Father's Day brunch.  I ordered the #1: three pieces of chicken, two waffles, two eggs, grits.  The missus had the breast and waffle combo.  We also got the fried gizzards, okra, and catfish appetizers.  It was all good.  Hint: if you like Hush Puppy's catfish, come here.  You won't go to Hush Puppy's any more.
OK, let's get this straight: In my 26 years in the Air Force, I spent almost half of my career overseas.  About half of that was spent in Okinawa, and we were TDY to Thailand almost half of that.  I could speak passable Thai at one time, and even though my accent now is terrible (Thai is a tonal language, so accent and inflection are essential) when I don't even look a the menu and order in Thai, I expect something authentic.  I ordered papaya salad with sticky rice and pahd see yew.  Both came out bland, and the Nam Phrik had jalapenos and not ki noo peppers.  Lotus of Siam made this same mistake.  I won't go back to either unless I'm desperate.  If you want real, authentic Thai street food, hit Thai-Style Noodle House on the corner of Spring Mountain and Wynn or Pon Ocha Soup on Nellis and Stewart.
Not in the best neighborhood, but the softball fields are well kept, and the three dog parks are great for taking your furry friends for a run and and to meet new friends.
It's a nice local place with friendly staff and good food.
I love churrasco.  I love this place.  The problem I always have is that I tend to fill up on the salad bar (a misnomer if ever there was one) before the carnivore kicks in.The salad bar is more an antipasti bar: salumi, cheeses, roasted and pickled vegetables, and a lobster bisque that will have you wanting it IV.  Oh, and there are salads as well.The meats are roasted perfectly, and there's plenty to go around.  I am a fan of lamb, and when they come out with not only roast leg but also chops, I'm in heaven.I just wish I (or I'm glad I don't) live closer.  It's in the Town Square, and I live in Sunrise Manor, so it's a 45 minute drive; but it's well worth the drive.
A hole in the wall taco shop on the east side, but they're open 24 hours and the food is goo, hot, fast, and relatively inexpensive.  Great place for Taco Tuesday.
I have always loved watching glass blowers.  I could stare at the practitioners of this dying art for hours at a time.  My parents used to have to drag me away crying from the one inside Cinderella's Castle at Disneyland.Let me say from the outset that I'm as creative as a mummified ostrich.  My wife, however, knowing my love of this art scheduled me for a class for my birthday.  For the first time in our relationship, she completely surprised me with this.Robert, the instructor, has created delicate pieces for English royalty.  Some of his pieces are on display in the shop.  It was quite a shock when he told me I could eventually create such beauty, but it would be necessary for me to start small.  He showed me how to make leaves, then the body of a swan.  He said I'd be making the leaves today and the swan next time.I was actually able to make two fairly respectful leaves all by myself.  Robert is a great instructor, and this was one of the greatest presents I'd ever been given.  I will definitely be returning for further lessons.
The only place to buy a Harley or get your hog serviced.  Great people who genuinely care about you and your ride.
Oh my, where do I start?  Seafood.  Fish.  Great bartenders who know what a real drink is.  Wait staff who know their product. Oysters and clams as good as any raw bar you've ever seen.  Great ambiance and reasonable prices.  They went under renovation a month ago and we almost went through withdrawals.  When you have to have a cold seafood platter, you just have to have it, and this is the only place.Bottom line: great seafood in a great atmosphere with a great staff.  Go!
When I retired from the Air Force, we had my retirement dinner here.  This is where I bring my out of town friends when I want to impress them.  Casual atmosphere, great food, 3-day marinated sangria, great prices. Just take your time and enjoy. Make reservations through Urbanspoon for dining points.
I've been to Medieval Times on quite a few occasions, and this dinner show is similar. The difference is this show has the Vegas touch.  Honestly, the food is just north of average for a Vegas venue, but the show more than makes up for it.  The service is also excellent, the drinks are huge, and management has cultivated a family atmosphere among the employees; they seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs and have fun doing it.  We'll be going back again.
I'll be honest: I'm an alcohol snob.  I worked at BevMo in California for three years and took every class they offered in beer/wine/spirits.  I learned more than anyone really cares to about gourmet sodas, candy, and caviar.When we came to Vegas, I expected to find a liquor store like BevMo, and was heartily disappointed in Lee's.  Then, we finally found Total Wine.  Wow!! BevMo on steroids.  From the tasting bars to the incredible selection to the extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff, this place is great.  Two locations, both a goodly drive from the house, but completely worth the drive.  They have Bundaberg Ginger Beer, for goodness sake.10/10 in my book
Since Big Dog's went away, this has been our watering hole.  Good grub and drinks in a clean atmosphere.
There are certain things you remember from your childhood.  One is my mother driving me to Lemon Grove Junior High every day to school because we lived too far for the bus.  On springs afternoons, we wold stop at the Thrifty Drug Store and pick up ice cream cones.  The cylindrical-shaped scoops were neat, and the flavors were something to make everyone smile.  My mother's favorites were cherry vanilla, and pistachio.  I learned to love those flavors.  Of course, the scoops were only 5 cents a single, 10 cents a double, and a quarter for a triple; we're talking 1974-1976 here. Now, there's the same ice cream up with which I grew (I hate ending clauses with prepositions, don't you?) just two blocks from my house, and it's just as delicious and brings back great memories.  Thrifty Drug Stores may relegated to history, but the ice cream is part of the past, present, and (I hope) future.
This is not a restaurant, it's a meat market with prepared foods and a place outside to (pardon the pun) pig out.  It's located in NW Vegas, in a residential part of town.  If you're looking for a MCB or Famous Dave's kind of place, this isn't it.  The only thing you'll find here is down-home BBQ and a meat counter, both with excellent value for the money.  Couple this with a staff that treats you like you're family and you have one heck of an experience.  Where else are you going to find side pork, frog legs and goat?
We went here before seeing Raiding the Rock Vault.  Good, solid noodle dishes at affordable prices, plus 25% off for locals with player's card.
I love Russian food.  To me, it's soul food.  I was raised in an Eastern-European family, and my mother cooked Russian and Polish food.Everything we had was hot, fresh, and as good as anything I have had in Russia or any of the old Soviet republics.  I was in Turkmenistan eight years ago, and the shashlik was as good as anything in Ashgabat.They also make their own infused vodkas.  Saturday night is live Russian entertainment.  We will be going back at least once every couple of weeks.  I'll see you there.    !
It's hard to rate a synagogue.  As a Reform place goes, this one's OK.  It's a beautiful building and the people are very welcoming.  My only hack is that (IMO) the Reform movement has changed the liturgy to suit their political agenda so much that it's almost sad.
When you've lived in Vegas over six months, you're buffet'd-out, casino'd-out, and show'd- out.  All you want to do is go to work and go home.  The only times you go to the strip or downtown are if you have friends or family in town; and you wouldn't believe how many friends and relations you have until they find they have a free place to stay in Vegas.That being said, the V Theater is a nice small-venue theater in Planet Hollywierd.  We've seen Evil Dead - The Musical, as well as the Popov Animal Circus there.  They have quite a few nice shows there, and most of them can be seen free if you've subscribed to houseseats.com.So, if you've nothing to do in an evening and want to kill some time with a good show, this is a good place to do it.
To be honest, the only thing this place has for their breakfast buffet that I liked was the omelet bar.  The rest was mediocre at best.  If you want a great buffet in Vegas, go across the street to the Wynn.
Great selection of beers and good pub grub.  Only wish I lived closer.
Oh wow! A warehouse full of foods and gifts from around the world.  Everything's sorted by country (although Australian foods in the British section isn't right), and just about everything you could ask for.  Prices are alright, and the staff are helpful.  In a word: go.  In several words: go often.
Anyplace that serves margaritas in pint mugs is great in my book.  Besides the fact that the food is delicious and reasonably priced, this really is a great sit-down Mexican place on the East side.  There's also a great Mexican bakery next door.  Make the drive, you won't be disappointed.
Even if you're not a fan of the TV show, you'll enjoy this.  The production is top-notch and the actors can actually act and sing.  I'd go see it again.
Let me start by saying that any sushi place that has Orion beer from Okinawa and an Anglo making sushi can't be all bad.  The rolls are delicious and reasonably priced.  The chefs know their stuff and could make even taco taste good.  Try the salmon skin salad and the Toro sushi or sashimi.  And of course, the Orion beer.
Just as good as the original, but larger.  No two-hour wait this time.  Best seafood in Vegas.
I've never before had a burger and fries that I've had to excuse myself from the table and go to the bathroom to clean myself off after the foodgasm.
Memphis Championship BBQ can be dry, but Famous Dave's is always juicy, fresh and fast.  The only place that comes close is John Mull's Meats.
Went with some girlfriends to try this place out. It was ok. I had the miso broth bowl and I wasn't impressed. It was very filling and I couldn't finish it but the flavours were quite muted. My friends looked good though. One had the curry which she liked. I would recommend to go. It's a nice place and a vegetarian meal is always good just don't get the miso broth
This place is unique on so many levels, firstly the manager is actively involved in every aspect of the experience. Moreover, the food is excellent, scratch made and served a the perfect temp. The food is presented  very well ( see pictures) but most importantly it  is simply delicious. As a side note - it's rare that I score any one place 5 stars but this place earned every star. Well I returned once again, and the food was just as good as I remember it- interestingly one new development. As the food came out I found myself enjoying the smell of the pasta as much as the taste. It's something that we sometimes forget but it's still significant - how often do you enjoy the aroma of fine food.... think about?
I just started working out here after buying the Groupon and it is amazing! I had never done any kind of weight training so I was nervous to try it but so glad I did! The staff is so nice and very accommodating to teaching you and modifying workouts if needed. The workouts themselves change everyday so it's always a new challenge and never gets boring. It is not an intimidating environment at all and the rest of the clients are great at welcoming and encouraging. I feel like I finally found a great place that gives me the motivation to keep up with my workouts.
Food was great: fast & fresh food wasnt greasy at all :: customer service lowered there stars:: overall it was OK it was clean:
I have been looking for a good nail place ever since I moved here 6 months ago, and I finally found it!!! Nick took great care of me.  My nails and toes look fantastic!!!  Definitely going to continue coming here!!
It's not worth the money.  The burgers are ok, not amazing.  The Alma's Mac salad was extremely dry and the fries are just fries.  All this hype for what...terrible service and ok good.
I moved here two years ago and have been on the search for a good hair salon.  My search is finally over!!!  Nikki made me feel so comfortable, like we've known each other forever.  My hair was a mess.  The last couple of places just destroyed my hair, patches of different shades of blonde (yellow) and it looked terribly damaged.  Nikki worked her magic, blending brown into my blonde and softening the blonde so it doesn't look yellow.  Thank you a million times over Nikki!!!!  I FINALLY found my hair salon!!!  See you soon, girl!
Jenn is absolutely amazing!!! I've been looking for a good hairstylist for about a year now, and I believe I just found her. I showed her a photo of how I wanted my hair, blonde with pink highlights, and it came out just like I wanted it. My hair doesn't look fried from the color. It looks healthy, smooth and gorgeous!! Thanks, Jenn!! See you in a couple of weeks for a touch up.
By far the worst place I have eaten at I Vegas. The food was microwaved, not fresh, and disgusting. This place is know for their artichokes. Let me tell you that my 12 year old can make a better artichoke. I do not recommend eating here.
Food was absolutely delicious. Their service was marvelous and the view from our table was simply magnificent. We went here for our Christmas dinner and had our table near the patio glass wall. We could view the bellagio fountain, the Eiffel tower from there. Okay so food wise, I loved the gnocchi. And definitely try their free appetizer place of olives and bread. Its really tasty and quite unique.
Had a great experience on October 21st. Went in to check for warranty on my battery of a 1 and a half. Came out with a brand new one covered under warranty due to having a bad cell in it. Lena the manager at the time helped me get in and out the door with a another battery. Recommend for future auto parts questions and problems with a vehicle.
What a great CarWash! Great experience here, and always. I drive nearly 45 miles each way, and spend my time to get a good wash, cause that's when you know you found a good place. Great staff, employees are friendly, granted they barely mingle with the customers due to them being busy most of the time. Great place to get your vehicles washed, great environment, and good pricing even! Thanks Ken!
We are in Vegas for my sister's wedding and decided to try as many vegan spots as we could while here. We tried Pancho's tacos and this place is so good! Their food portions are HUGE and so affordable! Would definitely recommend it!
OMG OMG! This place is the best! You walk in and they were rocking some old school MJ first thing in the morning; that was the first plus. They have these booths that are set up like a circle so everyone gets a comfy  seat ; second plus. The service is great the waitress was so nice and attentive; third plus. Then, oh and then, the food.... The breakfast burrito, taking a bite of that will set off every taste bud in your mouth. The pancakes are good too, not the best I've ever had, but the toppings make up for it. To top it all off, they have amazing drinks, and it's all really affordable! Can't wait to go back!
Small 1 man ran operation his place is clean and his work is good could work on social skills but overall I was happy with my 2.5 hr. Silent visit
I went there cause I saw there ad I'm going to be honest food was terrible the service was just as bad please save your money up and enjoy another restaurant the dishes smelled funny I question there knowledge about a restaurant the employee were flustered and all they kept saying was were so busy and I counted plenty of empty seats I felt like saying no you have no clue what you are doing and of the cook if. He isn't the owner him and the staff should be replaced if he is the owner he deserves failure for serving his junk food
I've been going here for over 3 years! Great tasting purified & alkaline water! Excellent customer service! Also, the alkaline ice is clear/tastes great. Sam & Lisa are very nice.
Food was good but took 30 minutes to get from the time we ordered.  This location is understaffed and the staff appear undertained. They would be better off closing for the day if they are that thin on help. I will not go back to this location.
While the space isn't small, the seating is limited, so be prepared to wait up to an hour. Our apps were the highlight of the night as it was downhill from there. Table service leaves a lot to be desired. In fact, I questioned after our food came whether it became self service. The floor was very slick throughout. I was able to speed skate to the bathroom from our table with a form that Apollo Ono would admire. A couple of female patrons wearing footwear less suited to skating were seen holding the wall walking to the restroom from their table. Wear your nikes. Seats have no back support and are generally uncomfortable. Food lacks flavor and portions were kind of on the small side. Plenty of other places in Charlotte better than this to get those curry and lemongrass flavors.
Went to night.  Food was good.  service absolutely terrible.  They served each of 6 of us one at a time.  We had children with ustoo!  Furthermore ...no apology or discount for the treatment.Definitely don't go unless you want to spend 2 hours waiting for food and eating individually.Susan
Chocolats Favoris a bien choisi son emplacement  Montral. J'adore le concept qui fait dj fureur en banlieue: crme glace molle  tremper dans l'un de leurs 12 enrobages de chocolat. Il y en a pour tous les gots: blanc biscuits et crme, au lait caramel et fleur de sel, noir  l'orange, etc. Ils ont galement d'autres choix de sucreries glaces comme les barres de soya glaces et les sorbets. Malgr qu'il y ait toujours beaucoup de monde quand j'y vais, le service est rapide puisqu'il y a de nombreux employs. Cela semble parfois chaotique, mais a semble bien fonctionner. Je crois que cet endroit est idal pour les gteries de fin de soire lorsqu'on est au centre-ville, mais je n'y ferais pas un dtour. Je prfre la crmerie artisanale de mon quartier.
J'adore cet endroit. Trs grand et bon choix de bires. La nourriture est excellente. La poutine offre une bonne portion et un bon rapport qualit-prix. Le poulet est un peu gras, le boeuf trop goteux. La meilleure est celle au canard. Les brunchs sont aussi trs bons, quoique plus coteux. J'y vais souvent aprs de longues soires   l'UQAM, pour fter, pour manger tard, avant ou aprs un spectacle, etc. Un endroit au coeur du quartier latin, accessible et qui convie t  tous les gots!
Le propritaire est vraiment un passionn. Il est toujours courtois et aime faire des blagues. C'est toujours lui qui m'a servi lors de mes 4 visites, toujours en fin de soire un peu avant la fermeture.  ce moment de la journe, c'est rarement achaland,  peine plus de 3 clients  la fois dans le magasin. Pour la chocolaterie, beaucoup de choix de chocolats individuels avec des garnitures toutes faites  la main. Beaucoup de choix de moules galement (violon, carte de bingo, oursons, etc.). Pour la crmerie, le chocolat pour le trempage est WOW. Choix de noir, au lait ou pralin noisette. Le "cornet cochon" saura aussi satisfaire les dents les plus sucres avec son caramel fleur de sel, daquoise au chocolat et crme vanille (extra trempage pour les pas peureux). Mon choix prfr est la coupe glace avec sa vingtaine de choix de garniture. Il y a 5 caramels diffrents, des confitures, des fruits, du chocolat. Il ne faut pas hsiter  mlanger!
The homemade ice cream is delicious. I had Raspberry Truffle and you could really taste the raspberries.There's no seating so you'll have to outside. This place is very small. There's only space for the counter and the waiting line.
Nous sommes all  ce restaurant aprs une visite au jardin botanique et  l'Insectarium. Nous voulions essayer quelque chose de diffrent des restaurants de l'Espace pour la vie. Nous n'avons pas t dus. Un trs grand choix de poutines originales dans un dcor urbain/rtro. Le service est fait au comptoir comme dans une caftria dans des plateaux d'aluminium. Il y a une grande table, des comptoirs et une terrasse derrire. Un peu petit comme espace. Le resto tait vide quand nous y sommes alls, mais j'imagine que le soir a doit tre bond. J'ai ador ma poutine au sloppy Joe. Trs goteuse. Par contre, les frites au centre taient un peu molles.Mon copain  essay la BS (bacon et saucisses). Le bacon tait dlicieux!Ma soeur a pris la porc effiloch. Un bon got de barbecue fum. Je les recommande toutes!La petite portion tait juste parfaite pour une collation d'aprs-midi, surtout considrant son prix. J'y retournerai dfinitivement. La canette de soda gratuite contre un check-in a t trs apprcie par la grande chaleur d't.
Excellent petit caf juste  ct de l'UQAM, prs des pavillons DS et V. J'y vais pour leurs excellents paninis et salades. Mon sandwich prfr est le Louisianais. Pain plat, poulet, sauce extra crmeuse et jalapenos. Ce n'est pas pour les petits apptits! Les salades sont aussi trs bonnes. Mes prfres sont aux patates et celle  l'orzo. Le service est rapide. Bon endroit tranquille hors des heures de rush pour se runir et faire ses travaux.
J'adore cette lunetterie. J'y ai achet 3 paires de lunettes en deux ans (je me suis gte) et mes deux examens de la vue annuels. Excellent service personnalis, malgr un peu d'attente lorsque c'est achaland. Ils ont videmment la collection Faniel, unique et flye, mais ils ont galement des modles plus traditionnels. Je vous recommande de faire confiance aux visagistes, car ce sont eux qui connaissent la morphologie du visage. Ils vous feront essayer tout plein de styles diffrents.Le local est trs grand, ar et dcor avec got. Les lunettes sont accroches sur des cordes  linge! Il y a aussi une aire d'attente pour les enfants. L'ajustement de lunettes est gratuit, le prix des verres et plusieurs gammes de montures.
Trs peu cher. Bon restaurant familial. Personnellement, j'ai trouv que le pad tha manquait un peu de got et que la sauce de gnral Tao tait un peu trop sucre. Je reviendrai c'est sr pour essayer les autres bons choix de leur menu!
C'est ma deuxime visite au Poutineville Beaubien + une visite  celui sur Ontario. L'intrieur est sur deux tages. J'adore le concept de crer sa poutine personnalise en variant patates, sauces, fromages et accompagnements. Il faut faire attention aux extras afin de ne pas faire monter la facture! Les patates crases maison sont excellentes et ils ont des sauces qui sont vgtariennes et sans gluten. Il y a aussi certains mlanges prtablis qui sont plus conomiques que lorsque commands  la carte. Malgr que la nourriture soit excellente, le service tait moyen lors d'un dimanche soir moyennement achaland. Le restaurant est ouvert assez tard, donc c'est une bonne ide pour une fringale de fin de soire. Je ne crois pas que ce soit le meilleur endroit pour faire dcouvrir la poutine  quelqu'un qui n'est pas familier mais, pour les habitus, a permet vraiment de faire changement.
C'est ma 3e visite au Pourvoyeur et je ne suis jamais due. J'adore le dcor un peu brut et la luminosit dans la section arrire. Excellent choix de gins! Une belle offre quand mme pour les gens qui voudraient boire autres chose. Plusieurs cocktails spcialiss galement comme le Ungava pomme, sucre et rond en bouche. Un vrai dlice avec le brunch.Le menu n'offre pas une tonne de choix, mais c'est parce qu'ils n'utilisent que des produits frais. Un peu plus de roulement pour le menu de base serait apprci. Les prix sont raisonnables, surtout en fonction de la qualit de la nourriture. J'ai ador le "sloppy Joe" djeuner, un plat que je n'ai jamais retrouv ailleurs. Je ne suis jamais venue le soir, juste pour le brunch/lunch, mais je recommande cet endroit pour tous les amateurs de produits frais et d'alcools fins.
Please find another pediatric office for your children if you can. I took my baby here for about one year only to be scolded and talked down to as a first-time mom simply for asking questions. I was prescribed harmful remedies to common newborn problems such as thrush and cradle cap. The doctors there contradict one another. The two doctors that were so terrible that I will never forget their names are Dr. Natasa Mihic and Dr. Lamotte-Malone (who surprisingly came recommended!) I am scarred from my experiences with them. I knew no better of what to expect from my babies' doctor then, but once I finally hit the last straw and switched pediatric offices to a new facility (St. Rose Pediatrics) the difference was night and day. I do not recommend Anthem Hills to anyone!
I went to Anthem Hills Pediatrics for the 1st year of my firstborn's life and it was an awful experience. I only stayed because I did not know any better then! Dr. Lamotte Malone bullied me for questioning her and without consent tore open my baby's labial adhesion causing her so much pain for the next few days. I cried along with my baby. My research had suggested never to forcibly tear labial adhesion apart because it would only heal back together which is exactly what happened making the baby have to suffer for nothing. Also my daughter had cradle cap (which is common) as a newborn and Dr. Lamotte advised me to use Neutragena T-Gel or Selson Blue on her head, both which are very strong for a newborn and should not have been used according to other pediatricians. I do not want anyone else to go through what I did at this office which is why I am taking the time to write this post.
I recommend Dr. Harter. He is kind and listens to the patient's needs. He takes pride in being present for the birth unlike many other group practice OBGYN's in which case you get whoever is working on the day you go into labor (unless you schedule an induction or c-section). You should especially see Dr. Harter if you plan to have a natural birth; he is completely supportive of a woman's choice to labor with as little interventions as possible. Great doctor!
I was impressed, they have here the same starbucks like in San Diego, i mean exactly the same one, design everything, it was really strange, but the coffee was better at home.
Excellent food, great customer service and cozy spot! I had the Prime Rib Eggs Benedict with home fries and it was excellent! The prime rib was full of flavor and the home fries were cooked just right. Highly recommend this spot!
First time coming here and hated it. The waiter only came twice to the table. One to take the orders, and the second time to drop off the drinks. 30 minutes roll by with no refills or food, i had to get up and ask for the refill myself. We were outside and he never bothered to look over so we couldn't even get his attention. Then the other waiters started helping us picking up his slack. Our original waiter wasn't even busy all he did was walk around to "check" the tables. He wasn't cleaning, serving or anything, I don't plan on coming here again, ill just go to the squid ink across the street for better food and better service.
I was shopping for a new mattress. My husband and I decided to just stop in and see what they had. We were so glad we did. The representative Shana was there and I'm so glad she helped us! She was so helpful in assisting us to find just what we needed. I would definitely recommend this store if you are in search of a new mattress.
Came out from shopping and my car wouldn't start. I needed it towed to the dealer. The dealership recommended giving them a call. I'm so glad I did. They told me it would be approximately an hour. They showed up early and called to let me know they were there. I even got to do a little more shopping. Thank you Tow Truck Company!
Wonderful place to go get your nails done! Son, Ivy and Heather are great at what they do. They keep it very clean and sanitary. Candy Nails offers all the " new stuff" when it comes to nail options! From the classic French to aquarium nails and mood changing polish, they do it all!!!
I with I could give them more stars. We were running late ( after searching 2 other stores for the battery we needed and no one had it) and they stayed open late until we arrived !!! Dan and the other lady employee were so helpful, kind and cheerful. They new just what we needed and were was. I can't say enough about this crew.
ROOT CANAL - scary procedure for many so, when looking... what's important? Confidence and trust. I always do my research before any important procedure or activity. When looking at tons of reviews AND the details of endodontists, it came down to one choice, I  found both with Dr. Matloff. There are many dentists that do root canals but it's an important procedure and should be done by someone trained and who specializes in it. For your comfort, for your safety and to avoid any future problems.Take a few minutes and research your choice. Look at their education - how much and where; Their years in practice; Their use of updated knowledge and technology. What about their practice - how long has their staff been with them? Do they have enough staff to really serve their patients... or is the dentist doing all the work to save money? And even, what's their community involvement? Do they give back and help out? In other words... what kind of person are they?If you really want the best from someone that cares about your dental health, cares about giving you the treatment you need, or advising you with different options, there's really only one excellent choice for me and that's Dr. Matloff.They got me in quickly, ask me questions, gave me options, truly made it a pain free procedure; talked to me afterwards instead of the doctor leaving and an assistant handing me a bill, and gave me good advise of medications to use and what to watch for.Sometimes I write humorous reviews but this one is dead serious....If Dr. Matloff was in general dentistry I'd go to him all the time, but for endodontics.... he should be your choice for perfect treatments when it counts most....when you're suffering, in pain or seeking options.Fair pricing, good communication, excellent background, terrific staff, terrific care... what else do you need?
It's been over a year since i had a chance to write a note even though a few visits in between exposed me to the yummies at Renegade. In a quick meeting with a business associate there last week  I was again inclined to delve into the depths of some green chili pork stew. Since Robert has moved on to new adventures i wanted to see if the integrity of this Roaring Fork staple was in tact - IT WAS. The pork was well cooked and substantial without being mushy or stringy, the subtle heat and spice of the green chilis was just right with a bit of peppery taste and over all.. a great reminder of what i love about this place. And it was a great compliment and opposition to the glass of wine.I would have given this a good five stars for the pork and the memories but the staff seemed a bit less attentive.  Even though i got there early without any crowd, I sat for some time before I was recognized and the wine order was taken. Other than that... it was the same ol Renegade and Robert would have been proud. Can't wait to try his new place in Scottsdale.
My original post was on 6/8. Friday, 7/2, i get a call from Pinnacle. the guy says, "I called about your visit and your service report. Looks like you have an oil leak and some engine work that needs to be done." and when I asked about further info he tells me he's not in the service dept do didn't have all the info. WHAT? Maybe if you call a customer talking of car problems you should know what's up rather than just trying to get them back in.I'm thinking, "Oil Leak?" - "Engine Work?" - Could be possible major things (since I told them I was going on a road trip), how come I wasn't told when i had the car in for the oil change? Why wait almost a month to call a customer and tell them something like this? You took time to wash it - maybe give me the report.Just another example of either poor follow through or... a scam? Since my car runs great, good mileage, AND my garage shows no sign of any oil leak. I'm a simple guy, I run on facts, logic, reason and appreciate good and TIMELY service. PLUS.. within 30 minutes after my oil change i had gone to Wilhelm for some maintenance engine work and they found nothing wrong (and the work they did could NEVER have been discovered doing an oil change)I found myself telling the guy (nicely) i wasn't happy with my last visit and I'd never darken their doorstep again even after I'd bought two cars there. Just something about this place that isn't professional and smooth any more. It's a little thing but... even the little oil change reminder sticker was slapped in crooked and sloppily - Sorry Pinnacle... Just telling it like it is.
As per my motto about calling it as i see it..... i've been tough on this place in the past. and i should have... it sucked. I stopped going.But, a friend pulled me kicking and screaming back for a lunch there one day. I gave in, held my nose and tried it.I'll give credit where credit is due. Not sure about their dinners or drinks but the burger i had with the chili was great. chili was good, other toppings fresh and nice cheese. Watching my carbs i didn't have a bun but... they fixed it right for me, it wasn't dried out and a pleasant experience.I'll move it from the yuck 1 star category to the possibly 3 star ok level. we'll see if i get pulled into a dinner there what that's like but for now... it was good one time out of the last 5 or 6 i've been there. Keep up the work guys ! ! !
Started going to CJ years ago in California. It was ALWAYS known for good food and lots of it. You could count on taking some home and... that was always the plan.I've been to this one in Phoenix three times in the couple months for meetings and have to say... I doubt a return trip is in the works. The menu wasn't as big and exciting, the portions have gotten smaller, the pricing was the same or slightly higher meaning the value wasn't there AND.... sorry but i love my chicken pot pie but NOT when the inside crust is still uncooked. Sure, some big pieces of chicken but for the money... I should have gotten a couple whole ones to go. Seasoning was so-so and overall, just another mediocre third visit.Also, the clam chowder (something that was always on my must have list) was thick and "chalky" and tasted more of unincorporated flour or something. Yes, there were clams but... the rest of it wasn't worth the effort. Thank God for the hot sauce.I should have taken the hint from my other visits and gone to the Macaroni Grill next door. Sorry Landry's..... not what it used to be.
It's not your mama's 99 cent burger but then again... it's worth more.Everyone's been raving about Culvers, so passing it on the way home i was drawn in by the crowds and a quick trip through the drive thru made me a fan.I'd give it 5 stars but i wasn't slammed with the custard but... maybe on another day or mine was too small to get into it. The burger though was an awesome treat. Those buttered buns and fresh ingredients.... just what the heart doctor ordered.There were bigger ones on the menu but.. since i had just had lunch i thought a taste would sell me or not....and it did. From the reception this chain has gotten, i'd say their game plan is a winner and i can't wait to go back and try some of the other goodies for a more complete experience.Now.. if White Castle would only make an appearance. But i think Culvers will give In & Out a fight for the burger buck in this town. Both are worth the trip though !
Had to write another round of kudos for this great chain. One might think that now being affiliated with the Outback Steakhouse Group would diminish it's dedication to quality - WRONG. The chef, the people, the quality and service.. ALL THERE. And.... it's not just Sushi :-)I've written about this and other locations before but the consistency is there and it's always a great experience. This time it was the perfect night to sit on the patio and enjoy a couple drinks, some wine, a great dinner and great AZ weather.The hanger steak was perfect, but what has always made Roy's the tasty experience you want is.. the sauces. They must have spent decades (OK maybe hours) making these sauces that add so much to everything they serve.With that in mind, the Asian pork ribs for an appetizer were THE BEST. When i was in San Diego a few weeks ago we ate there and they were nice enough to make the appetizer portion into a dinner for me - WOW... i love those ribs. My client had the crusted Mahi Mahi (also my dad's fav) and it didn't disappoint - cooked perfect and again, the sauce reduced enough for flavor but didn't overwhelm.The drinks are great, even their own house wines are good for the price. (Hey, after a couple great Mai Tais who needs a $20 glass of wine?)The only issue this trip was that the Chocolate Souffle lacked that yummy runny explosion of chocolate sauce when you break it open BUT... seeing that, our waiter insisted on a new one for us. Hence.... 5 stars.The service was professional and knowledgeable as usual and it's a pleasure to go somewhere once in a while where the waiters aren't "almost helping you" in between texts and meaningless chatter with the dishwasher.Their reservation system actually works and automatically applies any promotional discounts to your bill. Nice to see efficiency.Bravo again to Roy and his well trained people and well conceived concept. Try any of their locations and there's a 99.8% chance you won't be disappointed.How do you say Bon Appetite in Hawaiian? (Roy's i guess)http://www.roysrestaurant.com/index.asp (PS - I don't work there... I just love the place)  :-)
ALWAYS enjoy this place even before it moved but... the noise is unbearable sometimes. can't even carry on a close conversation and it's definately NOT an intimate setting but.. the hot and sour soup... GREAT and the food has always been terrific. Pretty fast service and the prices pretty fair. Again, I'd give it 43 stars except for the noise. Better than their other locations too.
We used to go here a lot years ago. But a move north a bit took it out of the flight path so... it was time to go back and check it out.As always.... the owner/bartender/waiter/janitor/greeter was doing his thing running around and keeping us in drinks and food.The drinks were good a always (no short pours here that i've had) and the food great. i didn't have but the burgers were big and juicy looking and the salad with cajun chicken was great. BEST honey mustard dressing i ever had.Anyhow, glad i went and will be back sooner. It's small, with 6 tables and the 10 seat bar but... close friends and fun can be found here.ENJOY IT.... and worth the trip for this small almost out of the way place.I'd give it 5 stars but it was a bit noise (part of the charm except when you're trying to talk) and our waitress could have been better looking.  :-)  (sorry John)
I'm always up for a new experience. Recently a business associate, who hangs at some very cool places, suggested a meeting at a place with another associate. While I know the FOX Group to be one of THE BEST operations around, I hadn't heard of The Henry so... I was ready. (OK, I don't get out as much as I should)I got there early and was overly impressed that Phoenix would have such a cool place. Very industrial look mixed with some vintage furniture and enough modern touches to keep it interesting, and comfortable. I thought, with FOX's attention to detail and quality, I knew  THIS is going to be nice.My associate arrived and asked for "his table" in the back. A booth against the back wall that was quiet enough to have our small business meet and greet. As expected, the service was impeccable, and very tolerant as our business gathering of 3 took up some table space during lunch. It definitely warranted a large tip for her patience and gracious service.And have got to say that the Pastrami sammy was great! Lean but juicy, with a terrific crunchy slaw, tangy swiss and aioli. Generally for me, the bread is there just to hold everything together, so I'm not overly excited about it (unless it's a great "make you pucker" San Fran sourdough) but the pretzel roll was just enough without being "bready," distracting, and hiding the goodies inside. The accompanying salad had a light dressing and, while looking a lot like terrific lawn clippings, (just an observation NOT a complaint) it was great addition and compliment to the sandwich.Combining the class of this place, the most intriguing and interesting surroundings, the professional waitstaff (with the greatest smile), the very tasty food at a decent price... and it's on my "got to go back list." A friend wants to take me out for my birthday so... I think I know where dinner will be.Can't say enough about the atmosphere and professionalism of this place - just what you'd expect from a FOX operation - and can't imagine you'd ever be disappointed. I'm anxious to try happy hour, see how their Long Islands are and dig into my birthday dinner.Enjoy!
OK... I'm slow. But.. we've been busy. Being in the video production biz, our crews work hard and can get picky at times like wild animals if their food isn't good. They put in long hours, go the extra mile and so they expect the same when the lunch wagon rolls up. No sissy, wishy washy soggy pizzas or sandwiches with week old bread and green meat, no watered down drinks or limp lifeless fries. They want real MAN FOOD, and lots of it. THIS is what we got from Margaret and her team at Focaccia Fiorentina. We were broadcasting from the Orpheum and needed someone close and good. We ordered a couple days ahead of time to ensure all was set, and BINGO... right on time their delivery service showed up and things were as they should be. Ever had an order get messed up? Didn't happen here. Ever had your pizza show up cold and dumpster ready? Not here. Everything was hot and ready to go and the guys loved it and Margaret's suggestions were right on target. AND.. the price was affordable for eating on location.Thanks to everyone there @ FF, and if you find yourself working, visiting, hiking, roaming, or just lost in downtown Phx, stop by for directions and a meal. They've got you covered. We'll be back soon when we're in the area making pretty pictures.
Want to impress someone? Want to waste money on small portions? Want a fru fru dinner with orchid leaves, cactus petals and baby carrots? This is the place. Otherwise... head down the street for larger, reasonable, normal portions, good food and less pretension.  I like to go out and EAT, not see how much money i can spend and still be hungry.
Let's face it. Many of us like our pets more than our family. And if our pet IS our family.. then it's even more important to know they are well taken care of. On two occasions i had to take my Harry cat after hours for some semi involved problems. AHS's  24/7 service is a God send as emergencies always seem to happen after hours. Everyone there is knowledgeable but also caring. The facility is large and clean and they are well stocked with the medicines and technology to perform their duties. For those interested in super technical descriptions and lots of fancy glowing definitions of all that these people can do... they can. If you're just interested in trusting your pet (of almost any variety) to people who care and will do their best no matter the time or day.. then again, these are the people. I don't want to say that my Harrington is my life but the day i lose Harry is the day i lose part of my soul and I know the AHS people will always do their best to keep him healthy and happy.
I really REALLY wanted to like this place. There's 3-4 of us that go out every Friday afternoon for some drinks and apps. With more and more places closing or getting worse this place was close, looks nice and in general is not a totally bad place.We went a couple times and things were pretty good. Nice patio and good happy hour.  We went a week ago and my friend and i had our normal Long Island Ice Teas. Now, I've had them from Hawaii to NYC and when they're made right, they're refreshing and nice., When they're made bad...the WORST drink on Earth.One sip and we both gagged, looked at each other and did the Ug dance. I took them back to the guy and my friend played it safe with some scotch and I thought I'd try a margarita. DUMB MOVE Ron. The bartender kid said they didn't do a lot of cocktail biz so they had no Grande Marnier and he said they squeezed their own limes.Now, the margarita is the most popular drink in America so you'd think people could make it right - especially in Arizona. Not so. I knew the taste I was tasting but put my thoughts on hold. This time the food scored a 6 with the chips limp and greasy (actually dripping) and needed a replacement.We decided to give this one more try this last week. I made the same mistake of ordering a Rita. When i asked the waitress/bartender (after another bad drink) it turns out the kid last week wasn't even a bartender... AND YET HE'S MAKING A COMPLICATED LONG ISLAND? And... turns out my taste buds were correct.. they use Pope's lime - Not fresh. Pope's is the worst with that weird heavy aftertaste that is as fake a the lemon and lime juice you buy in the store in the plastic fruits.If you're going to run a place and invest the money and time, USE FRESH QUALITY INGREDIENTS.  I don't think i'm asking too much.So many places are cutting corners, lacking service, poor food...they must think the public will put up with anything to drink and eat out. NOT SO. Fill up your bar with some good stock, Make your own sour mix, teach your waiters NOT to be a bartender and get some consistent food coming out from the back. There's too many options when eating out to go to places that don't care enough.Again... just keeping it real.
This is great. Angela is a terrific bartender. Good drinks, excellent service, personable, and makes our business meetings go smoothly. Stop by, ask for Angela and Enjoy the best experience ever. (Food is great too) - don't miss this chance to relax and enjoy. Yum***********************************************************************I hate seeing good places get in trouble but....alas EB has closed. It seems they are closing many locations which is a shame as they've been a standard for decades. Good luck everyone in the reaming locations.
Having spent many a happy hour and dinner time at this location when it was Joe's, we anxiously awaited the remodel and new opening. They did a great job of opening up the inside and the patio is a super nice environment for eating outside (despite the motorcycle noise on the street). The place was full with people giving it a try and time will tell if the crowds continue to flock. Having been in food i know the need to build "activity and excitement" in a place so it doesn't seem like a morgue with classical music however.... with so many hard surfaces in this place (walls, floors, ceiling, tables, etc.), the noise level almost made it impossible to hear someone 3 feet across the table. Think about some softer items somewhere. Even in Italy they hang tapestries. As my companion said, "nothing to make me really want to come back."  Let's face it, there are more Mexican and Italian places around than you could eat at in a year, so there's got to be something special to make you revisit other than location. I was disappointed enough to have the same feeling after such anticipation.First, I hate when restaurants are so pretentious as to bring out your "portion" of wine in a small carafe and pour it into a large glass (that seems the size of a football next to the portion) hoping you'll be impressed with their effort to dirty another container on your behalf. Sorry, just pour a nice glass of wine and bring it out. And it really does makes the portion look small. I'd rather have the wine than the experience. OK, it's a personal thing.Second, as a test of new places, especially Italian, I try the Caesar salad. Not sure why but it's always been an indication. Well... Disappointment Central. I hate sending things back but there was as much taste as one might find chewing on their gym socks - maybe less. If there was any garlic at all, it's only cause it was walked through a room with garlic on a counter. You can usually taste the tang of the lemon juice...not to be found. It was a real disaster and I'm sure the creator is spinning in his grave somewhere in San Diego. If you like Caesar salads... I'd pass on this one.Next, I wanted to try something different so I jumped on the Short Rib Ravioli. I'm always up for something new but maybe good short rib meat shouldn't be chopped, mushed and pureed. For some reason, the taste and texture belonged in a old age facility for people with no teeth. OK, I like my meat with texture and chunks. I guess the other thing was that the very rich beef stock sauce combined with the filling was really overwhelming. It would have been great over a nice charred steak with mushrooms and onions but on delicate pasta? Not so much. I've had great sauces and unique items and fillings at some terrific places but sometimes it just doesn't fit. Move on.And overall, the waiter must have been extremely new (like 5 minutes?) as his attention to guests and quick, relaxed knowledge of things wasn't there. We deliberately waited a bit before showing up here so as not to get caught in the grand opening fray and to let things settle in a bit. Staff training is PARAMOUNT in a place of this projected level.My last thought is about pricing. Italian and Mexican food places can be among the most profitable. After all, their menus are mainly based on less expensive commodities of rice, beans and flour. I was hoping this was a nice normal affordable place to sit and eat and enjoy some quality yet casual Italian love from the kitchen in a nice friendly neighborhood eatery. We didn't want to pay over $75 or $100 to do it. OK, they have to recoup the money put into very nice wall coverings and lighting and it is a nice atmosphere but... don't do it all on my check.I never want to be unkind and maybe I should cut the owners some slack but hey... this isn't their first place so experience should count for something. Anyhow, with all that said, it might be worth a return visit to try their pizza which comes out of a nice looking wood burning oven. i'll update later as the motivation strikes me to repeat. Just keeping it real!And get rid of those little carafes.
What can one guy say? The reviews here say it all. I actually told Mike (who is a great customer service rep) that i wish i had more car problems so i could come back more often. I had found them years ago but my car runs great with no needs,  but... this time wanted some preventative work done. I called, Made an appt. and he quoted about $129 for the work. (WHICH WAS FAIR given most prices for the same work and MORE THAN FAIR considering my dealer wanted to "knock it out around $250" - their words). I got the bill.... $117. I like paying less. But it's the attitude, the care, the "we want to make you happy" approach to customers here.I had a coupon for an oil change from my dealer (whom i will NEVER go to again). Go anywhere and an oil change is $20-30. So i figured i had it ok with a $25 credit from dealer. (ok, It's PInnacle Nissan). I got the oil changed, gave them my coupon and THEY STILL WANTED ANOTHER $27 - cause their OC is now $45.00. Wilhelm.... normally $29 and they have specials as well.These guys are just professionals and worth your business. Since 1928?  Really? There's a reason people.
After using this valuable resource for years, it's time I came here and made sure everyone knew my thoughts. In our 44 years in business, we've never had such a great production partner.Every production project is different requiring different assets. Different cameras, lighting configurations, audio, jibs, monitoring and accessory equipment. Oz and his team of pros have always been there for the production community.We've used their cameras, switchers, lighting, audio, and just about everything else in five states and it's always worked. They maintain things well and their people always have the input to make sure a job is completely covered.Whether people have some of their own gear and need supplements, or a project calls for everything to be sourced, this IS the place pros need to consider. With changing technologies and varying projects, it's almost impossible for any one group to keep everything in house for every conceivable job. BR makes it possible.Thanks to Oz, Earl, Jack, Robert, Marsha, Deb and the others who make it happen for all of us.RonProduction Services/AZ
This is a cool place to relax on the patio upstairs, and they always have GREAT music. Chuck Hall on Thursdays and one and two piece groups other nights - sweet. The bbq aint bad (nice sauce), the salmon has been good and the drinks nice. Great burgers. Not a fan of the small tacos but everyting is good. The upsairs is best with open air and fun times even though the downstairs is nice it looks more like something out of Dungeons and Dragons. Go, relax and enjoy.
Got to say this place has become a loser. the food has been bad every time we've tried it - Hey... a Ruben with no 1,000 island? fake onions rings made of mushy onion paste? A bartender that can't get more than one drink at a a time? bbq that's dried out and re-fried beans with NO taste? Sorry but other places deserve my money more. Not trying to be overly critical - just real. Too many options when dining out these days.
I've been passing this place for years and since i love Thai food, i thought finally, a chance to try it out.Now I know it's hard to bash a place that has multiple locations and been around awhile so maybe it was an off night but... the crazed anticipation i was experiencing was replaced with a really mediocre meal.I LOVE great hot and sour soup. The spiciness, the heat, the mixed flavors of spices and veggies and meat, the texture which is smooth yet lingers....but $10 for 30 ounces of blandness wasn't my goal. That's $42 a gallon for what was basically peppery water laced with too many HUGE pieces of tomato and mushrooms with a very few pieces of meat. It was not a great hot and sour soup and was more a tomato chunk laden broth. I've got to say that Flo's still makes the bestAnd I was ready to sink my teeth into their "Signature Dish" as again, Thai food is supposed to be bold and exciting and an experience to be remembered long after leaving the table. And... your signature dish should represent your finest effort.I'm guessing that the person who developed this "Signature" dish couldn't write. It was really bland, without character, without any punch and the pork was chewy and bereft of any sense of culinary fun and quality. Really... a signature dish? And realizing there are some spices used that have remaining elements, the amount of twigs and roughage in this was most interesting. The menu forgot to tell me that it came with its own toothpicks.Anyhow, I never want to be unfair and there may, MAY, be a second chance for this place but in reading other reviews i see I'm not alone in the evaluation of my "blandness" meter. Anyone can have an off night but there seems to have been several in the recent past.Living in Cave Creek and enjoying some time and wine next door makes this place convenient but... with one more visit to be fair....if it doesn't make then i'll be scratching this off my "got to" list as well.There are too many food choices in town including other Thai and great Chinese to spend time and money where it goes into some R&D and quality ingredients.
I give up.A friend suggested meeting here for lunch this week. I reluctantly said yes. We were the first ones in. We went to the right and up the few steps to find a table. EVERYONE had dirty chairs and tables with crumbs, obviously from the night before. If i was desperate, there might have been enough food around to make a meal.After looking at each other we decided to try one of the high tops down in the bar area. OK, the chairs were clean and the table top looked clean so we sat. Since there were two of us at a four place, i went to move the salt and pepper out of the way. Not an easy chore since the salt was stuck to the table. Breaking it loose and moving on to move the small appetizer plates, they were stacked for four.The top three slide off, the bottom one stuck to the table. The table had that sticky "someone almost tried to clean it off" feeling to it.To the waitress' credit, after mentioning the upper chairs and tables she got a towel and went to clean them off after telling us it must have been the night crew's mistake - WELL DUH!Again, there's no management at this place. If they would clean up, improve the inconsistent food and get it together, they might do more biz. Maybe they need to call in Restaurant Impossible, OR... just ask their customers. We could all tell them a few things... those of us that care.As a note, it was my friend's first time there wanting to try it. She said she'd never be back. . Maybe my standards for cleanliness and good food are higher than some others but... I always tell it like i see it. ...I give up, I'm done with this hole
I first wandered into The Keg up in Vancouver, BC. it was a lazy rainy afternoon and i thought with a name like this it might be a casual beer bar to relax for a bit.... SURPRISE. Even in the afternoon it was clean, good staff, and even a simple appetizer was done right.A couple weeks ago here in Phoenix i was looking for a nice place for dinner and having remembered they had one down the street thought i should try it. Glad i did.It was one of those nights i thought i should try a couple different things so, loving prime rib, they had an end cut so that was the plan. Being a sucker for a good special i added the crab legs. Add in the mashed potatoes (chunky enough so you know they didn't come from a box) and veggies and it was a meal fit for a diplomat.The one thing I always forget is that crab legs take so much time to open and eat that the meat gets cold but... that yummie warm butter. The horseradish was real and HOT and a great compliment. The prime rib had enough crust ( i hate semi-raw meat) to make it well cooked and yet not dried out and the seasoning was just right.  The service was spectacular with an actual manager making the rounds and several wait staff overseeing every detail.It's not a cheap place but not at the top of the scale either so it won't be a weekly visit but they have some great happy hour deals and it's worth any special occasion outing.Great good, terrific service, clean setting with professional comfortable decor. What more could you ask for. As Arnold would say... "I'll be baaaack" and will enjoy this  place again I'm sure.
i needed my BBQ fix so.. to the Frog it was. The drinks continue to be made well, the service great and the BBQ (OK, and a bite of my friend's sandwich) was the best. I love the sauce, the beans are always great as was the taters and gravy. I do love going back to this place as it's not a chain, owners that care, a staff that's into serving people and with enough TVs to watch any game and relax in a smaller setting. Could become a regular.  :-)
ALWAYS count on the grill for good food, service and a terrific view. Tonto for lunch, Cartwrights for dinner.   :-)
I'm not really a picky eater but, having had some great food from Maine to Kauai, I try to be real in my assessment cause after all.... does the food and experience  really warrant a trip back?Face it - there are TONS of places to eat. Burger and pizza places, taco joints, Mexican hangouts, Chinese choices and yes, dives shoving out BBQ on every corner. So there are certainly options in our culinary searching.I was hoping for a great BBQ place in my neighborhood - ANYWHERE. I miss the old Frog in CC but when you look at general BBQ places you don't find many or any 5 star destinations.I went to Danky's as it's close and maybe, hopefully a great find for my pork passions. they certainly try to please and the owner was nice while fighting a cash register reset. I decided on a basic for me which is the pulled pork. I usually judge the quality by the meat alone without a sauce. Is it smokey? Does it have a tantalizing taste not dependent on a slathering of spicy sauce to cover up its lack of swine sentiment? Is it moist or dried out waiting for the ketchup or vinegar wetness to bring it back from the edge of dehydration?Theirs was a decent OK but not a top of the list hit. the overall combo of meat, sauce and slaw was about a 70 on the meat-o-meter. I'd like to think I could find a 90+ place or a 98 again.The beans? OK but not worth the price. When you've had great, smoked BBQ beans with the meat drippings and some really good burnt ends added in from a southern roadside joint... you know what bean heaven is like.Don't get me wrong.... this is better than some of the chain places and will warrant a return visit to try some of their other offerings but... it'll be with the same dire desire of opulent oinker or sumptuous swine that'll drive my return hoping to be impressed with quality smoke, reasonable pricing value and that overall experience that pulls me back as soon as possible.When that happens... my 3 stars will move to 4 and MAYBE to a 5 if it warrants.
For casual neighborhood Italian, this place is great. Small enough to be intimate but clean and classy in its general style. The pizzas are tasty and right on for a quick or full meal. And yes.... just about everything on the menu is equally good - as is the service. Eating there or taking out, it's a great place when the urge strikes.
Again, I'm giving credit where credit it due.While I'm still not thrilled with the visit to Cantina Laredo Saturday night, I have to give kudos to Dave the manager (long time with the chain) for calling and following up. He showed a REAL concern for any problems that guests might have and wanted to make it right and will follow up on my complaints.Caring about customers is more than half the battle in retaining people who spend their hard earned money with you. Thanks for the follow up and we'll see how things go should I visit again...which I might.
This place was good in it's day but has closed and now REOPENED down on Bell Rd in Phoenix. Great food, terrific drinks and nice people. The same original good food in a  new place. give it a try - you'll enjoy as much as we do. It's a weekly place for us.
OK, I take barbers seriously. I'm not a clothes hound or fashion guru but a decent haircut is something I'd like to have if I can get it. I guess it's a matter of having someone in my personal space pruning and preening and prepping me for a socially acceptable look.My last barber was great and had him for almost 20 years but he up and flew off to OH never to return so I went on a hunting trip. A great friend used a nice guy down in north/central Phoenix so I went there a couple of times. I never saw the guy but always got his wife who hadn't seen a pair of thinning shears in her life. So I looked like Foster Brooks on a Saturday night, or a drunken baboon with a "do" until I returned the next time for my repeat attempted treatment. I'm not picky but I was never really happy.So I came to ol reliable Yelp and started my search for someone "in the neighborhood" with good reviews and lots of loving patrons extolling the virtues of their quality coiffing. I think I found it at Gio's. First, I was looking for a place that could make guys over 40 look good. Lots of barbers show haircuts with spikes and spires, slices and dices that look like you're ready for social club on a back street in Moscow or Prague after a street fight. I guess I'm just not that hip. I just want clean, professional look that's acceptable to a majority of reasonable thinking humanity. Gio's was it.Second, walk-in service is great if you get stuck and need it last minute but I like making an appointment AND... I especially like when your time comes around and they're ready for you - no excessive waiting reading last year's "Gun Sporting for Real Men" mags. My appt was at 11:00... and Olesya was ready for me calling my name at 11.And, she was terrific. Attentive, took time to know exactly how I liked my locks (hey, seeing my current state of coiffed confusion wasn't easy) and she was personable without being chatty. Don't you hate people who talk without anything to say just for the sake of filling the aural atmosphere? My old barber talked so much he turned a 20 minute experience into a 60 minute ordeal.Anyhow... She took a quick 30 minutes to get me back in the socially acceptable mode of presentable persona and made me look like the photo I showed her of me taken a couple years ago. She's been performing her profession for quite a while and has a following that makes the trip from Sun City to Scottsdale for their 30 minutes of artful attention.I also pass along my thanks to John G. here at the "Y" for his personal recommendation and he was right. I gave them a try and was happy. And i'll certainly be back.I'm not a weekly or even monthly haircut guy but when I want to / NEED TO look decent for business happenings, or a catch up on personal primping, I want a comfortable place to visit and Gio's is it.Really... if you're looking in that north Scottsdale, north Phoenix Bell Road area... you'll be happy with their service, pricing and attention to you the person. AND.... there's a Rainbow Donuts, sports bar and breakfast place all in the same building. How can you go wrong?
Friends and i thought.. let's go somewhere different and try a place we haven't been in years. We broke down and went to the patio. It's expanded some with outdoor seating (thank goodness the weather has cooled) but other than that.. a place we could have done without.The drinks? ok. The appetizer? Let me tell you. there were three of us so we got the combo (2 of the above thing) $5.75 for three onion rings and 3 stuffed jalapenos that can you get for $5 a bag. Absurd. $1 a piece for an onion ring? Give me a BBQ break.The salad? a small bowl. The steak? about 1/3 "  thick (almost more like a flat iron steak) and the beans... moderately warm. The 1/4 chicken (thigh and small wing) was at least cooked ok. But it must have been a small chicken.For the money? A waste. It is probably a great place for tourists but for locals looking for good food, reasonable pricing and value? Skip it and make your way to the Frog on Bell or some other place selling BBQ and decent food.I try not to be overly critical knowing a place has to turn a profit but what you get for your money is still important. I judge a place by asking my self a question when i leave - "would i come back again and why?" The answer here... Not for a long long time. A LOOOONG time.
On Friday afternoons, my associate and I gather for a meet up. We go over biz for the week, catch up on politics and plan next week's work stuff. I heard about it from a friend that jams there on music night.We needed a place where we can grab a late lunch, have enough privacy, a decent drink and not be besieged with waitstaff rushing us out and trying to sell us steak and expensive wine.We usually go the same time every week, and Cady the bartender starts making our favorite drinks when we walk in the door.The food is generally ok. The chili cup is a bit overpriced at $5 and some of the appetizers are less of a value but, the burgers are good, the all-you-can-eat fish is a deal and the long islands are.... well, more than decent for the price and well made.We don't watch the 8 or 10 screens but this has to be a great place for sports when the time is right. A pool table and darts add to the distractions when you're up for a game.It's a basic place with decent food, good drinks, terrific service from Cady, and at some point we'll sneak over on Tuesdays for some music.Check it out when you're in the area and enjoy!
Just visiting Arizona for a couple of days and I found this amazing smoke shop it had no reviews so hey why not make one for them. the water pipes prizes are really good  and they have different types. It's a must go check it out.  As for hookahs its ok. And they have the same shisha as every else but a lot of selection and really low prices.  That's not all they even offer a points system u get points for shopping there and then you can get free stuff very very nice.
das ist eine warnung an alle musikliebhaber!ich wurde in dem laden bel verarscht und hab es hat mich viel zeit und mhe gekostet, mein geld zurck zu bekommen.es gibt zwar eine groe auswahl, aber man luft gefahr regelrecht ber den tisch gezogen zu werden und ich bin schlimmerweise nicht der erste, dem es so ergangen ist (wie ich leider erst danach erfahren hab).sucht euch einen anderen musikladen, egal wie weit ihr fahrt!
I am very happy that I was referred to Lou Lombardo by a friend that had recently divorced.  Lou and his staff were courteous and professional from the day I met them to the final settlement and divorce proceedings.  My inquiries were met with prompt responses that were grounded in knowledge and experience.  As this was not my first divorce, I can honestly say that Lou made the entire experience as painless as possible.  Lou is a genuine champion for his clients and I highly recommend him should find yourself in need of an extremely skilled and compassionate divorce attorney.
Let me start by saying that I joined Yelp just so I could write this review. I should also mention that I have eaten at Wah Kee on five separate occasions and am a fan of their food. Tonight, however, I had a truly awful experience.When we were seated, we weren't given water, silverware, or menus. I had to pick up takeout menus from the front counter. We weren't even addressed by the waitstaff for twenty minutes. Once we got our order in, we waited another twenty minutes for our drinks. Despite our server actively trying to avoid eye contact with us, I was able to stop her and ask for my soda. She told us that they had run out of glassware, and it would be some time before we were able to get our drinks. Ten minutes later, we had our drinks. We waited another forty for our food.After the meal, I requested to speak to the manager. The server said that a lot of people had made the same request tonight, but the manager was not willing to address any of the customers' concerns. She then told us that no discount would be given and invited us to write a note for the manager.I work in a restaurant. I'm not the greatest at what I do, but I can tell when a server and management isn't doing their jobs as best as they can. I want to offer Wah Kee a few pointers so they can get back to what they do best: serving delicious food.1. Greet your guests with a smile.2. Provide water, silverware, and menus as soon as your guests sit down.3. If the restaurant is busy, tell your guests it might take a minute or two for the server to visit the table.4. Be ready for busy nights.5. Be attentive to your guests' needs; look for empty glasses, or eye contact from tables.6. Solve problems. For example, if there's a shortage on silverware, glasses, and menus, provide your guests with the takeout equivalents or wash a few dishes.7. Do what you can to ensure a positive experience for your guests. Listen to complaints and offer what you can so they'll return.What really stinks is that the servers, not the customers, are the ones who suffer for the poor management at Wah Kee. Because of bad policy and inadequate training, their servers aren't making as much money as they could. I hope my server finds a new job. Her manager is a liability to her paycheck.
This place is so cozy and the appetizer curry rolls are dynamite!
StripBurger was great! Ambience: We ate outside on the patio around 11pm. It was warm but a nice breeze. There was a DJ playing and a few dancers. Food: amazing for a fast food type of place and very fairly priced! Surprising for Vegas. My husband had the dried Angus burger & I had the mushroom Swiss. Both excellent! Ask for ranch with your fries! $2 beers at happy hour too. Service: our waiter was really great!
The quality of the food was ok. However, I am very disappointed in the fact the Butter Chicken Combo is advertised at $9.79 which includes a beverage. However, they charge you extra for the beverage. When it was questioned they refused to update or refund. I will not be returning.
My whole experience with Thrifty was horrible but the worst was the drop off at Charlotte airport.  It says on airport but there is no sign for Thrifty at the rental return garage.  GPS kept bringing me the same location.  Called customer service and it took forever to get through to a person who told me it was on site at the Airport.  Come to find out  Thrifty and Dollar rental are owned by the same group and we were to drop off at Dollar rental.  We spent almost an hour driving around stressed out about missing our flight.  We picked up the car in DC and the agent was soooo slow.  When it was our turn she couldn't find our reservation.  Good thing I brought all of my reservation paperwork.  Even with that she had trouble and kept saying there was something wrong with my reservation and the system would not let her get a car for us.  The only bad part of my vacation was the car rental.  Thrifty is terrible.
Dude! This place is awesome! It's a lot cooler than your average burger joints around town. The food and beer selection is on point! It took me awhile to come out here, so don't make that same mistake. Come out and support this place! You won't be disappointed.
Das Woodys ist Restaurant das sich auf amerikanisches Essen spezialisiert hat. Dort gibt es alles leckere Fettige, was man nicht im berma essen sollte. Nach der Euro-Umstellung hat das Restaurant grobe Fehler gemacht, indem es die Preise hat exterm steigen und die Portionen schrumpfen lasen. Auch die Qualitt des Essens hatte abgenommen.In der Zwischenzeit ist es wieder fast wie frher. Die Portionen sind wieder wie frher, das Essen ist schn angerichtet und sehr lecker. Nur die Preise sind geblieben...Positiv am Woodys ist, das es immer eine zustzlich wechselnde Karte gibt.
Ist OK. War aber auch mal besser. Ab und zu werden wir noch hingehen.
Das Subway in Ludwigsburg ist eine Bereicherung fr die Region.Hier kann man, zumindest abends, schnell ein leckeres und gesundes Fast-Food bekommen. Wie die Situation zu Mittags ist kann ich nicht beurteilen.Die Preise sind nicht die gnstigsten, aber man bekommt eine sehr gute Qualitt.Subway ziehe ich in der Zwischenzeit immer McDonalds vor.
Von auen sieht man dem Restaurant nicht an was darin steckt. Es sieht mehr nach einem Wohnhaus aus.Daher ist es auch sehr gemtlich im Restaurant.Das Essen ist sehr gut und man findet auch ein wenig aussergewhnliche Speisen auf der Karte.Das Personal war durchweg nett.
Schnes Ambiente und tolles Essen.Einzig das Restaurant war unter der Woche doch recht drftig besucht. Muss aber natrlich nicht immer so sein.
In der letzten Zeit hat sich die Qualitt verschlechtert. Die Wartezeiten sind enorm lang geworden. Mehrmals haben wir hintereinander eine Stunde und mehr gewartet oder Bestellungen wurden ganz vergessen.Die angebotenen Speisen sind meist sehr lecker. Die Karte ist auch sehr reichhaltig. Abre auch hier hat sich etwas verschlehtert. Die Portionen sind bei gleich bleibenden Preisen gestiegen.Im Sommer kann man draussen sehr schn sitzen.Das Publikum im Blauen Engel sind meist Studenten und Schler. Aber auch ltere besuchen das Lokal.
I purchased the Lexus IS 250 convertible and have been nothing but happy with it. Berel really helped me a lot, as did the manager, Kevin Mullen. Really great people that helped me find a wonderful car.Highly recommend this dealership if you're looking for the best!
I would highly recommend Tony for a professional message.  I am a senior with a degenerative disk disease.  Tony professionalism and knowledge help my pain.
Amazing staff and equally delicious food. Tried their pasta dishes and ice coffee and they were amazing. Nice quiet place if you want good food and a little different than typical Starbucks. And their latte art!!! OMG it's the cutest thing! Definitely recommend this hidden gem.
I love this place for brunch on weekends! Been here many times sometimes with just my husband and sometimes with family. Service doesn't change, always excellent! Very nice and courteous staff. Oftentimes there's a line up but we've never waited more than 10 minutes. My absolute favourite that I order all the time is their smoke salmon eggs Benedict with asparagus! If you're looking for a family-owned restaurant that has delicious food, check this place out!
An excellent Filipino restaurant that won't break the bank. I'd say their portions are very good, and the food is very tasty. I've tried the tapsilog, longsilog and lomi and all were delicious. The place is a good size, not too small or huge. Just enough for this type of food place. Highly recommend it.
Been going to this place for years, even before they moved. At first, my hubby and I were pretty bummed because their old location was literally right across from where we live. Oh well, it's the old plaza's loss. Favourites are jerk chicken with rice and oxtail with rice. A few months back I first tried their jerk wings and let me tell you. You need to try it. :) Good solid place that even though we have to drive to get there now, we will happily oblige every time we get a hankering for jerk!
Beautiful hotel with great views and exceptionally friendly staff. However, parking is expensive but that is to be expected. The hotel is Within walking distance of lots of things to do. While in the actual guest room you can hear every door slam and walls even shake some times. Not much for toiletries in the room and some are free in the lobby and some have to be paid for. The pool is so tiny that if a family of four were in it that's about all it would hold. Breakfast isn't something to write home about. Direct TV will go out during a storm.
Hidden gem of Vegas. Great food, cheap prices, good vibe and music. First class sriously. Close by parking can bring your own beer/win they don't have licence yet I guess.
Very great place to eat at, my group of friends and I always come here after a night out and they tolerate us being loud, and having fun! Only down side is when you try to go around dinner time. It's usually a pretty lengthy wait upwards to 20-30 minutes.
Very nice staff, great food and pretty fair prices! I come at least once a month. I do think they can use a little bit more "privacy" I don't like sitting next to strangers while enjoying a dinner with my friends. Kinda feels a little awkward when the strangers you're sitting next to is filming you catching food in your mouth.
Good food but not for a wait time of more than 30 minutes each visit. The owners or holding officers of JINYA needs to realize they don't have enough tables or space for their business and start thinking it's time to expand into a much larger place.
Do never rent or deal business here. Buyer beware. These people are all frauds. Stole money from me as a "deposit" for the unit. Told me cash only. I felt like that was weird. 4 hours later I found out I didn't need the unit and they said I'll be getting a check for my refund in the mail. They claim they sent it multiple times to different addresses and say that they see I personally cashed the checks and that they will sue me for fraud.... After my last visit to the store I was called a racist name by the "manager".  I will be going to the BBB and the Nevada State Business Licensing Department to submit a complaint.
Ate there first and last time I will ever eat there. I'm all for giving new small businesses a chance but never again will I give this place a chance no one wore gloves and hair nets I ended up pulling out a hair out of my food I myself have short hair not medium length brown hair.  Worst part was I already ate almost 2 slices before finding it.
Great company great staff! My company uses junk control for all of our trash outs! Love them!
This place is mainly for Spanish speakers I tried to call and all the lady would say is si or no I said what time do you close she said no I went in to order food and the cashier ordered me something completely different NOT going back.
ZERO STARS This guy sucks.... Not professional very rude and not reliable made an appointment and I called 4 hours after the time he said and he's not man enough to answer his phone. This guy is not worth your time or effort better off on your own.
These guys are doing it right. I was in and out in 5 minutes. They're very personable and saved me 3 hours of aggravation .  Worth every penny !!! Thanx ;-)
ordered a burger with a side of jalapeo coleslaw thinking it was made with some kind of jalapeo based sauce. what I received was a bowl of regular coleslaw with one sliced jalapeo on top. 5 stars for being so literal.
Remember it's a crab shack not a high end restaurant. Take it as it is and enjoy the fun atmosphere. Great food good times!
friendly employees and good food. Environment is inviting, very calm and chill. food is delicious. employees are always helpful. drinks are delicious. seriously, give this place a go.
I think I'm seriously missing something here. Am I the only person in the world that thinks Chipotle sucks? There isn't one thing on the menu that I enjoy. Not even the chips and salsa. How can you mess up chips and salsa??EVERYONE I know loves this place. I feel like I'm an alien. Maybe they put something in their food that not only makes you bleed when you go the bathroom, but also hypnotizes you to think they have the best food when really its the worst.My two most recent experiences are as follows:A friend of mine insisted we go before a movie. I asked him if he really wanted to eat that garbage and then sit for two hours but he said yes. I watched him eat a burrito while I ate stale chips and the cashier made fun of me (YES HE MADE FUN OF ME! WHO DOES THIS?) for not ordering something. He actually asked me if I was watching my figure. I'm a skinny girl so it was really insulting to the bigger girls behind me in line. I could tell they were visibly offended.Another time my boyfriend got a coupon for a free burrito for selling his books back to the school. I guess they figure that if you're stupid enough to sell your books back to the school instead of online then you're stupid enough to eat Chipotle. I went with him even if I didn't want anything. I just wanted to spend time with him. Well apparently everyone and their mother wanted Chipotle that day because the line was so long it went outside. The door was open so it was hot. Imagine every possible thing that could go wrong in a line happening at once. That's what it was. Sweaty people all over, screaming kids, crying babies, loud cell phone talkers, cutters.... Ugh. When we finally reached the front of the human labyrinth they almost didn't take his coupon even though it was completely valid.In the end. Not a fan of the food, the experience, the staff, the building. No. Please someone tell me what I'm missing here!!
This is the second As you Wish that I've been to. The first one I went to was in Mesa and it was really nice. This location wasn't as great.First off, the air was broken. I mean I guess that isn't their fault but this is Arizona and it's July!The girls who worked there were really helpful and nice, which was a plus. The selection was horrible though. There was only one rack of paints (the one I went to had three) Besides that, they barely had any stencils or designs to choose from. The one in Mesa had an entire wall full of stencils and books and ideas. This location literally had three binders of designs and one tiny basket of stencils. I don't see how one As you Wish had such an abundance of materials and this one got left out. It's in such a hot spot too! Oh well, I still had a lot of fun with my little brother.
Wow! This place was so great. I've been searching for a way to seal a mural that I inked in permanent marker and then painted with acrylic paint for over a year now. Every place I went sold me things that they promised would work but they all made the marker bleed. Of course they wouldn't take them back either. I came into Wet Paint and the girl was SO helpful. She didn't look at me like I was retarded because I used markers in the first place and she actually opened up something and tested it on her own piece of art to make sure it wouldn't bleed. I couldn't believe how helpful she was. I was going to buy two big bottles of the sealer but she told me that I would be fine with just one. I really appreciated the honesty. I will be coming here for all of my future art supplies.
Ive gotta say, after a few years of the community getting used to the idea of a fresh and easy....this location is much better! n
Back when Armoire Home was still in business I used to work in the same plaza as Cupcakes. My boss would frequently send me down to get us both cupcakes since he had a sweet tooth.I don't really like sweet things but I'm a huge fan of their birthday cupcake. It's SO good. I think if it was possible my mom would eat here every day. I used to bring her a new cupcake every time I saw her and then when we had tried everything, they added new stuff to the menu!There were many times that I would go in and they would give me a freebies because they were about to close and they would end up in the trash anyways. I've always gotten great friendly service but then again...I was a fellow employee of that plaza and things are kind of tight knit down there and dare I even say cliquey. I could have been getting biased treatment and if that's true...that's really unfair. You should treat all of your customers well!Personally I don't like sweet stuff so I think the cupcakes generally have way too much frosting but like I said, the people I know with big sweet tooths always had nothing but great things to say.
I'm so happy that FYE still exists. Last time I went I was looking for two pretty obscure movies. Baseketball and Orgazmo. The computer said that they had both but I couldn't find them in the store. Even though they were completely packed because of some stupid Twilight release, the employee walked me through the store looking for where they could be. We found Baseketball on some random end cap and Orgazmo at the bottom of a bin. I never would have been able to find those on my own and considering the fact they were both just really cheap used movies, I appreciated all the extra help. Whenever I want a DVD that I know I won't be able to find and I just can't wait to order it online, this is my first choice. The only reason it's getting four instead of five is because the store was slammed and they only had one register open. The line took forever but there was another functioning register so I'm not sure why they didn't have it open. There were more than enough employees.
The owner contacted me about my review and offered me a free sub card to make up for the veggie sub that I wasn't satisfied with. This was so incredibly professional of him. I will definitely give them another shot for that reason alone. It takes a very caring and professional owner to do something like that.
I just don't get it! The burgers are empty with barely any taste, the fries are always cold and leave a disgusting greasy film in my mouth, and the grilled onions taste like slimy slugs.I want to like this place, I really do. I'm forced to eat it at least once every six months because every single person I know loves it and acts like it's Gods gift to fast food. (hence the psalms on the cups) This place is like fast food for elitists. "I won't step foot into a McDonalds but In&Out is so indie and different that I'll allow them to serve me~"The hidden menu is what really gets me. Having "secret items" on your menu doesn't make you cool. It doesn't make your customers feel special or exclusive (unless they're idiots). It just makes me feel like you're too cheap to update the menu that you've had since the dawn of time.Did I mention that there is ALWAYS a giant line? Both in the drive through and the dine in. Theres never a good place to sit and it's always packed. If I didn't know any better I'd think it was Club In&Out.That being said, when I'm forced to eat it I'm unhappy but never physically ill like I am with another extremely popular place that I hate (chipotle). Also the employees are really friendly and service is pretty quick considering how long the lines always are. I know I'll most likely continue going here with people close to me for the rest of my life but I would never pick it on my own or suggest it to outsiders.
I went here a few days after they opened to check it out with my cousin. The donuts were alright. Nothing extraordinary about them.I saw a sign that said, "We do boba tea" so I asked the girl what kind of teas came with boba. She said,"We can put boba in any of our teas."So I asked her, "What kind of teas do you have?" since that part of the menu wasn't up yet. She replied,"Any kind of tea we have can have boba."I tried to repeat my question and ask her what kinds of teas they had and she just didn't understand me. She just kept saying, "WE CAN PUT BOBA IN ANY OF OUR TEAS"She spoke english fine and didn't appear to have any trouble hearing so I have no idea what her problem was. I'll stick to Dunkin.
Jersey Mikes has GREAT subs but still isn't a replacement for Subway. While I love their turkey sub, they don't have a very wide variety of sandwich toppings and I don't like their tuna. (I need black olives and spinach! Maybe I'm just spoiled.)I'll come here for a turkey sub but if I feel like tuna I'll stick to subway.When I came with my cousin she ordered a sub with nothing but mayo and lettuce on it and after some laughter the guy behind the counter refused to let her pay for such a measly sandwich. When she ordered the same thing at Subway they charged her for a veggie anyways. It was pretty cool of him.
After reading reviews I was a little afraid to return to this store after their revamp. I hadn't been for years. I was pleasantly surprised though. The employees were very helpful and knowledgeable. They had a great selection of fish and reptiles. The prices were a little higher than the prices would be at petsmart but I'm sure that has something to do with the fact that it's smaller and family owned (also their fish aren't covered in ick) So I'm okay with the prices. :}
This shops really cool if you just want to kill some time and look around. I wouldn't buy anything more than a bracelet or bumper sticker from them though. Everythings crazy overpriced. I suppose that they figure if you're a pothead going to ASU you'll just be using mommy and daddys credit card to get your shit anyways.I can't vouch for or against the smoke products but I can say that the prices look insane. The staff is pretty hit or miss. I've had friendly as well as unpleasant interactions. Again, great place to look around or kill time, but that's about it. Anything you can buy here, you can probably get at Happy Healthy High Horny a few stores down for way cheaper.
I go to the Sallys on Scottsdale road and in Mesa often and have never really had any complaints. When I came to this location I was with my mother looking for a product to tame my younger brothers wild jewfro. The other Sallys stores suggested multiple products and none of them worked. We were getting kind of desperate and now our bathroom is full of "ethnic-grade" taming product meant for african american hair that didn't work. The salesgirl here was very helpful and gave us a product that she said worked on her boyfriends jewfro. She explained to us why the african products we bought werent working and then told us that if for any reason the one she suggested didn't work we could bring it back. The other Sallys stores have always told us that there is a no return policy on opened product. We were so thankful!The best part was that the product DID actually work on his hair!The store is the same size and carries the same products as any other Sallys but I'll forever hold this one dear in my heart for the return policy and helpfulness of the salespeople.
Just went there yesterday and the guy behind the counter was so helpful and nice. My mom and dad had never had Jewish food before so he explained very politely what was in Knishes and even let us try things that we weren't sure about. Absolutely excellent customer service.At first I thought that 8 bucks was a little much for take out soup but it was a generous serving and since it was the end of the day they threw in a matzo ball just because. It also came with an entire bag of bagel chips.
The only reason I come here is because they have half-price sushi for take out orders and my normal sushi place doesn't do half price for take out. The sushi is good. Kind of small but good. I really don't like that they put smoked salmon in most of their rolls instead of just regular salmon but hey what can I do?Every time I've waited for my take out order I can hear people being loud and drunk. Take that as you will. Some people like the loud drunk fun atmosphere but other people like quiet. Probably not a good place to bring a first date or family even if it does look really classy.I hear they have some good deals that involve one cent beer night and all you can eat sushi. That's pretty sweet.
So yeah the manager of this store printed out my review to show my mother last time she went in. LMAO SERIOUSLY WHO DOES THIS?Basically I get bullied through the entire hair experience and then my mother comes home complaining that now she feels uncomfortable because they were unhappy with my review. So I'm assuming they were trying to bully me into taking this down? Well, take that as you will. Any company that tries to bully you into taking down a poor review is completely unprofessional in MY opinion.As for Wendy apparently she feels really bad about the job and showed remorse (I would too after reading my review) so I'm posting my UPDATE to say that my hair actually wasn't VIRGIN. I had some box color and that might be why it came out so yellow. That still has nothing to do with the fact that I didn't want streaks or that kind of dye job. She still should have just told me no. She has since apologized for it which is very respectable and professional on her part.But of course those are such tiny details that are now corrected but overshadowed by the fact that the owner printed out my review as if he was in high school and tried to bully me into taking it down by showing my mother. Hello, I'm an adult and I'm entitled to my opinion. I may be a lot of things but I am not a liar. The owner has also told my mothers friend who recommended her to the place trying to pit them against each other. I seriously can't believe that the owner of a business would pull this high school drama and embarrass two of his long term customers like this. I feel horrible for my mother because she should be able to retain a business relationship as a paying customer without being hassled about her daughters opinion of the place.
This is my absolute favorite place to hunt for first edition Dr Seuss books. The owners are so very kind and everytime I go they have no problem helping me dig through the childrens books and they always know off the top of their head just how many Dr Seuss books they have so we aren't looking for no apparent reason. I'll always have fond memories of this place providing me with my very first 1st edition Dr Seuss book ;}
I came here with my mom because she has an insatiable sweet tooth. She asked the girl behind the counter if the coffee flavored gelato had caffeine in it. The girl replies, "I don't know. I don't make it."We kind of laughed it off but then when I asked her if they had anything that was dairy-free she says, "I don't know. I don't make it."After complete shock we just shook it off and ordered our gelato. My mother attempts one more time to get something useful out of this girl. She asks her to suggest another flavor to go with chocolate. The girl replies, "I don't know. I don't eat it."I couldn't believe it. I mean sure she's probably in high school and it's true...she doesn't make it and most likely doesn't eat it. But hello....CUSTOMER SERVICE!Besides that the gelato was amazing and pretty okay priced. Banana Yum!
I'm not even a big fan of sports and this is easily my favorite bar. The prices are really cheap for a bar and the food is good considering it's just bar food. They have daily specials including a day where you can get a two dollar hamburger with fries. This means its a real hamburger, not a tiny little thing. My mom and I can share it. Pool, Shuffleboard and Darts are available as well as other games. Electronic cards and racing. The service is always amazing even if theyre very busy. I've never had a bad waitress here. The best part is that they have a giant private room and guess how much it is to rent it out? It's completely free. You just have to book it in advance. They could have easily charged a lot for that private room since it includes its own shuffleboard and pool table. Also they have a FREE designated driver who will take you home. All they ask is that you tip them. There's no reason to ever go anywhere else.
This place seriously has the most authentic tasting tacos outside of Mexico. In case you don't know (which I'm assuming you don't), a real mexican taco comes in a floppy yet thick delicious corn tortilla shell with meat, cilantro, and onions. They do it PERFECT.The bean burritos are great but I wouldn't say they're the best. Their salsa is extraordinary. My Poppy is really picky with his salsa because he was raised by a mexican indian mother who made it fresh homemade every morning and he swears that this is the only place he'll buy salsa from. But still, the stars of this show are definitely the tacos, meat, and rice. Be prepared for service from people who don't speak very much English. They know about enough to take your order politely but don't try to ask too many questions or make conversation. Oh and the menus are totally in Spanish. I promise you the confusion and frustration will be worth it. Learn a couple words. That's the price you pay for authentic Mexican food. Last time I came here the cashier had her baby with her in a stroller. He was screaming and crying the entire time throwing toys and begging for attention from his busy mother. I probably wouldn't ever want to dine in here. I always do take-out.
I won't take my dog anywhere else!Lola is a pretty unhealthy 3 year old Lhasa Apso. She was a rescue that came from a puppy mill and and an abusive master. I love her with all my heart but I swear you can look at her wrong and she'll fall deathly ill. Last year I took her in when she was very sick and they diagnosed her with pyrometra. The doctor was so helpful and informative and even let me set up a payment plan because I couldn't afford the surgery up front. By now they know her and her various issues. A few months back I took her in because she was starting to growl in the dark at the foot of my bed. They checked her for night blindness and her hearing then determined that she's just a grumpy old lady. They didn't charge me for the visit like most vets would have. They've also been very good about keeping me from having to visit. Before I came here I would have to take Lola to the vet at least once a month, but now our visits are few and far between. The receptionists and nurses are sweet as pie and made me feel very comfortable when I was bawling my eyes out waiting for my dogs surgery to be finished. Alright so, in the end...I love it here
This is my favorite sushi restaurant. I'm always completely blown away by the sushis presentation, taste, and well...everything. Theyve been replaced by a much cheaper sushi restaurant but I still think fondly of Sakana. Easily the best sushi in Arizona. Just too pricey for me to frequent ;{
Why all the hate? I used to frequent here for lunch all the time. The prices were cheap and the food was always amazing. Every soup on the menu was good and the service was wonderful. I can't imagine giving this place any less than five stars.This place is never busy. I think every time I've gone I was like...one of the only people in the restaurant.
I love YC's so my friend suggested that I try Genghis Grill out. We went on a double date and I was less than pleased. First off the recipes were sort of hidden and the line was moving way too fast so I couldn't search for them. Instead I ended up frantically putting on random spices and hoping it would taste good. The waitress was really rude to us when we asked her questions about the location and restaurant. Since I didn't use an actual recipe my food was kind of gross.If you want good mongolion go to YCs. If you're in Tempe Marketplace, skip this place and get some Slices or something.
The new owner is doing something very right because when I was in high school everybody knew this place as the filthy 'dive' of Hookah Bars. It was the one that you went to if all the others were busy and the easiest one to sneak underage kids into. I miss the old art and Alice in Wonderland type chairs, but everything else has been improved GREATLY. The music isn't too loud or soft, the girl at the front was so friendly and helpful (it was my friends first time with hookah), and they had a wide variety of flavors. The ONLY problem I have is that they don't serve drinks or food. Even if they aren't going to have food they should at least do fountain drinks. People get thirsty!Edit: The owner actually contacted me to tell me that due to some stupid rules they can't do fountain drinks but they do sell bottled drinks at the front. That alone shows an owner that cares!Five stars all around!
My family loves this place. The food is amazing and you can pretty much create anything you want if you order it right.Mac and cheese w/feta cheese spinach and olives? YES PLEASEAlso their loosemeat sandwiches are to DIE for. I never thought I'd find one here in Arizona!The staff is always very friendly. Bar is a little pricey but that's to be expected.I've never gone and had it be too busy and my family says they have the best pies around (I don't like sweet stuff).I hear theres a lot of drama going on about the owner and his employees. Hopefully they get that all fixed up because the food is amazing and it would be a shame to lose this restaurant.
When it comes to mexican food its pretty hard to impress me. I'll try to be as fair as possible with this review though!Food:The chips and salsa were free and unlimited. Very tasty! The salsa tasted fresh and homemade. I was glad for this. I pretty much stuffed my face on the chips which I rarely do so they must have been doing something right.I shared a plate with my mother that came with two beef tacos and a cheese enchilada as well as beans and rice. My mother said the tacos were amazing. I hated my enchilada. It tasted...strange. The beans were really good but the rice wasn't very great. It kind of tasted old and like it was made from a box. My boyfriend ordered a bean burrito and the tortilla tasted like it came out of a bag from a grocery store. I'm not talking Mission either, which is tolerable packaged tortillas. I'm talking store brand in Canada tortillas. I was seriously disappointed. If I were him I'd have just opened the burrito up and ate the beans right out of it because the beans were delicious.My brother, grandfather, and father all enjoyed their meals. My brothers fajitas looked pretty impressive.Margaritas were $2.50 during Happy Hour which is really nice. It was a good tasting margarita for the most part. I enjoyed it.Service:The service was amazing. Our waiter was very attentive, funny, and polite. He made jokes with my parents and was just all around a really good server. I think my boyfriend might have had a little man crush on him. He definitely earned his tip.Atmosphere:Not much to say here. It was really quiet for happy hour but then again it was a week night. I prefer quiet and relaxed to hustle and bustle so  I was pleased.Price:Hmmmm.... A lot of people think mexican food should be cheap but I say if it's authentic or quality then a high price is justified (See also: Los Dos Molinos ;})As for this place, the prices should all be knocked back a few bucks because the foods just okay. I'll probably come back again for cheap margaritas during happy hour and a plate of beans with chips and salsa. Maybe I'll bring my own tortillas.
I've always been a fan of Mimis but it had been about three years since my last visit. My mother and grandpa decided they wanted to do lunch there and I was happy about it. I remembered the location in Mesa being better but since I used to live in Scottsdale, that was the one I frequented. The menu was basically the exact same as it was three years ago. That could be good or bad. Take it as you will. It was SO crowded. Apparently every single person over 65 decided to go to lunch that Friday afternoon. The food was good but kind of expensive. My mother and I shared a sandwich since we're both small eaters and my grandpa ordered his own. The bill was still about forty bucks for two meals and three iced teas. Even if the food was good that was still YIKES!But the service was what made me decide to stick to the Mesa location if I ever go again. The waiter took our orders, brought us our drinks once and then vanished off the face of the earth. Maybe he's Superman, IDK!A busboy brought us our food and we had to ask another busboy for our bill. Our waiter made his final appearance just as we'd paid to thank us for coming in. It was awful nice of him to return after being absent for thirty minutes and making the busboy do his job.
Lollicup has fair prices and a wide variety of flavor choices. The owner is so friendly and always welcomes us. There are tons of games/magazines to check out and free wireless too.This is a favorite spot of ours.
Ruby Tuesdays is stuck in a tragic location in my opinion. It's right next to Red Robin which is my all time favorite American chain. So naturally I never go there since I'd much rather have Red Robin. I'm glad my parents convinced me to come with them though.Everybody was satisfied with their meal and their salad bar looked very fresh. My grandfather took part in it and each time he came back I was surprised at the abundance of things he managed to find there. My meal was smoked salmon with broccoli and there weren't any complains there. The server was polite and attentive. Honestly I don't have any complaints. The prices were a little higher than I'd expected but well worth it. The atmosphere was nice and quiet and relaxed. I can always appreciate that. Great place for a classy simple American meal.
There were ample pool tables which was nice but the sitting tables were seriously garbage. The seating was horrible and I felt like I was gonna fall every second. Also they were unnecessarily close to eachother. The prices were alright for bar food. Nothing too special on pitchers of beer. The food was SO good. Like, I was really surprised. Usually bar food is only tolerable. (even at some of my favorite sports bars)  But everything we ordered was extraordinary. It was restaurant quality and worth the price.As for the atmosphere, it'll keep me from going here again. Absolutely FULL to the brim with college pukes. If you don't know what a college puke is, I suggest you walk around Mill Ave from 6pm-11pm. You'll soon find out. Not my thing, but some people might love it. (college pukes)
I have very mixed feelings about this PetsmartTheir prices are reasonable and products are fine. They always have nice clearance items. I was able to purchase a very nice $100 birdcage for $10 and some PetHead for $5 on one occasion. Their fish department is mediocre but the staff has always been very friendly and knowledgeable. Each employee has answered my questions flawlessly and didn't try to just sell me product.But that being said, their grooming salon is horrible. I hate to say this because I really wanted to like it. I had my lhasa apso groomed here three times. I kept going back in hopes that it would be better because it's so close to my home.The first time the girl gave her a much shorter cut than necessary. I could understand if she were matted, but she wasn't. The girl even said, "Oops I guess I wasn't supposed to shave her, was I?" The second time the guy returned my dog only to tell me that she was very sensitive in her behind area. I told him that she most likely needed her anal glands expressed. He gave me a disgusted face and told me that they don't do that. Hello...that's PART of dog grooming. It says in your brochures that it's included.The third and final time, everything seemed to be okay. I made sure to tell the girl the exact cut I wanted and remind her to express the anal glands. Everything seemed just fine. Then as we're walking out of the store I realize that there's a trail of blood behind me. I looked my dog over to discover that one of her nails had been cut down so far that it was bleeding. This wasn't a tiny misclip that would just hurt a little. I'm pretty sure she got down to the vein. I had to take her to the vet because the bleeding was so bad. When I complained to Petsmart they did offer me a free grooming next time but honestly why would I want to go back to them after that? The first two times were whatever, but physically hurting my dog means I'm done. That all being said, this is a good location for everything else. Just don't get your dogs groomed here. Seriously.
I don't even know where to begin. If you need a costume, come here. The employees are so friendly and very helpful. The rental fees are very reasonable considering their costumes are stage quality. The store used to be an old bank and the way they transformed it is just way cool. It's fun to come here even just to look around. Actually, even if you don't need a costume go check it out. It's a fun experience no matter what.
There are seriously some mornings in my house where my family will look at eachother ...say, "Donuts?" and we all magically know that this donut craving can't be satiated by simply Dunkin. Though these mornings are few and far between because my family has more of a convenience over quality attitude, they do occur. My mother discovered Rainbow donuts because she works in Phoenix and before Dunkin had its viral takeover of Arizona, it was the only place to get donuts on the way to the office.As far as donuts go I honestly don't think there's a way that Rainbows donuts could be any better. Maybe if they were covered in diamonds and had reverse calories. Everything they have tastes fresh even if it's bought at closing time. The prices are so cheap that I wonder how they even stay in business. The employees are always super friendly. Convert your donut religion to Rainbow donuts today. See the light. Repent!
I always wonder how this place has stayed in business so long. Greg must be loaded and just do this for the passion of it. Last time I came in here the man working gladly helped me find what I needed and ordered what I wanted. He even had them waiting for me when I went in again. He was also really knowledgeable on his stuff. He wasn't some breathy creepy neckbeard working in a comic shop. As a girl I'm usually terrified to take the adventure into one of these lion dens to pick up what I want because it can be pretty scary. He was simply a nice old man. I'll continue to come here for all of my comic book needs :}
I'm kind of a snob when it comes to Mexican food. I was raised on the homemade stuff all my life so generally I don't bother to go to a mexican restaurant. Why would I when I can get much better stuff at home?Anyways, I was so pleased with Los Dos Molinos mexican food that it's now the place I suggest when our family is celebrating something.Their stuff is HOT HOT HOT, but if you don't like hot you can let them know and they'll help you find something that isn't spicy. The prices are a little up there but in my opinion its worth it. I imagine that their kitchen is full of Mexican grandmothers...that's how authentic it feels. (Don't tell me otherwise because I really like this fantasy)Their margaritas are really good too. You can tell it doesn't just come from a mix. and OH MY GOD THE SOPAPILLAS!!!!  My dad works for a company that inspects the top of gas ranges and he serviced this restaurant and said that it was the cleanest restaurant kitchen he'd ever seen. (Believe me he has some horror stories)My only problem is that it didn't feel like they had the air on at all. They have ceiling fans but come on...it's 115 outside.
I searched forever to find someone to help me. The store wasn't even that busy! All I had was a very simple question, "Where are your tablets located?"That was it! Nobody would help me. I felt like I was a leper.I came again yesterday with my sixteen year old cousin to pick up a cord for my ipod and the employees at the front literally cat called to us. It was beyond unprofessional.The people at checkout are always friendly (maybe a little too friendly)I wonder if I can ever go to Best Buy without being sexually harassed.But after working there my teenage years, I've come to believe that it won't ever change.
My boyfriend knows that I hate to go out to Mexican food because I'm never satisfied but he dragged me here anyways.The guy at the counter was really helpful.  He asked if it was our first time and let us try everything on the menu first and explained what it was. He kind of made a big deal when I told him that I couldn't have pork and said no thank you to the samples of them. It was really embarrassing for me and unprofessional on his part. The food was good though. I mean hmmm...it was good for chinese mexican food. I'm not sure if I liked it that much but it the idea of chinese mexican just didn't sit well with me. The restaurant itself was nice and the atmosphere was good too. Very laid back. I liked that feeling. Just not my thing I guess. It also gave me a stomachache
This rating is based on the sushi alone. My boyfriend ate the cooked food but I was really just in the mood for sushi that night. Basically they have a sushi guy there making sushi nonstop at random. I was completely satisfied with the variety and the taste. Very delicious! The price is right too. All you can eat sushi is hard to come across. Yum yum!As far as the buffet and cooked food went there was a huge variety but my boyfriend said it was just standard buffet food. I'll come here again just for the sushi :}
Mal is my stylist. She fixed a horrible mistake of a mess that someone at another salon made and always gives me what I want. She's a blast to talk to and never overcharges me. I always get what I go in for and never leave unsatisfied. I won't ever go to another stylist :}Everyone else in the salon seems really cool too. They understand what I want and never talk down to me or overcharge me.
This is only place that I'll ever go for my pedicures and manicures. I've had some pretty horrible experiences before but this place is amazing. The prices are fair and worth it and the people are so nice. I've never had someone actually talk to me while doing my nails/toes before. They actually hold conversation with you and remember you too. I only go about once every five months but they always remember who I am!I suggest requesting Stephen or Tiffany. They both are very experienced and friendly. Stephen could have charged me a lot for an acrylic nail to replace one of my toenails that had fallen off but he told me that I should just wait for it to grow back and painted it so it looked like I had a nail there. I really appreciated his honesty! There's also another girl who has an accent (but isn't asian) that is very good and I haven't had a chance to get her name.There are about two people there that have worked on my friends and they were unhappy with it. I think they were new. So just be careful about who you get. Those two are the only reason I didn't give four stars!
I live near here and have watched this space turn into a different restaurant every four or so years. It's an unfortunate place for a semi-fancy eatery to be. It's squeezed in between Food City and Big Lots which are big places for lower income shoppers. I doubt they ever get any walk-by customers. It was really nice inside. I love what they did with the place. It felt very authentic and honestly I was suprised when I walked in because it was so big and decorative on the inside but the outside is kind of plain.Anyways, the food was great. The waitress was real polite with my boyfriend whos new to indian food and explained to him the levels of spicy and what came in what. They had complementary appetizers and the portions were very large. The vegetarian selection was great. As a part time vegetarian I can always appreciate a place that has meals without meat that actually fill you up. By the way they were playing indian music. Not the classical stuff but newer pop music that you might hear actual indian people listening to. I don't care how cheesy it sounds but that alone won me over.
I went here today with my boyfriend and I'm not sure what to think. It's basically a cheaper less tasty Panda Express. The staff was friendly and they had Mr Pibb (which is an instant extra star from me) I only ate the orange flavored chicken nuggets but I tasted his orange chicken dinner and it was just okay. (Great prices though.)Basically if you want three scoops of okay food for the price of one scoob of the good stuff you'd get at Panda Express, come here. Some people like quantity over quality.
This is my favorite antique store ever. The first time I went with my 16 year old cousin and she had so much fun seeing all the vintage fashion. I took my mother the following week and she was almost in tears from all the nostalgic things she saw. Then when I took my Grandfather he literally looked like a child in a toy shop upon seeing all the war memorabilia. Even my 13 year old brother had fun there seeing all the Star Wars and Simpsons stuff. I plan to take my bf there eventually to check out the Beatles things. Basically what I'm saying is that there isn't a person in the world who could be bored in this place! I love it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. At first they didn't take me too seriously because I look really young but Im an avid Dr Seuss collector and after they realized I actually wanted to buy stuff the lady literally walked me through the entire store digging for things.
With the internet as big as it is now, how is Gamestop still even in business? If you want to get ripped off on your trades/purchases on new/used games then go ahead and come here. It's Scottsdale! Anything goes!
I've been coming here since I was in high school. The employees are always super helpful and the selection is great. One time my boyfriend purchased salmon sashimi from there that was less than desirable. He didn't have to bring it back or even have a receipt. The manager apologized to him and let him come back for a free slab of salmon. That's a rare find in a business. Today we bought sashimi and they included a block of ice so it didn't thaw on the drive home. Super cute :}
I'm a pretty big snob when it comes to Mexican food since I was raised on the good stuff. The other day I had to have a burrito. I don't know why but NOTHING else would satisfy me. It had to be a bean burrito. I made myself fresh tortillas for this purpose alone but I realized we didn't have any beans!! Frantically I called my grandma to ask if she had some and she said she just ran out. I didn't have all day to make fresh beans. I wanted a burrito now!So finally I sucked it up and drove down the road to fiesta burrito. I thought to myself that as long as it was better than Taco Bell, I'd be able to satisfy my craving.FOUR BUCKS FOR A DRIVE THROUGH BEAN BURRITO!?I thought to myself that this was kind of expensive but I got it anyways. After all, I needed a burrito. What I got was worth it's weight in mexican gold.What I was given was the biggest burrito that I'd ever seen in my life. Seriously this burrito could have ended me if it chose to. It was the best bean burrito that I'd ever had. Maybe even more than my grandmas homemade ones. I can't even begin to describe the joy I felt while eating this thing. I couldn't even eat half of it in one sitting. It actually became THREE separate meals for me. Each time I reheated it, it was still just as good as the first. I know my mexican food, and this is probably the most authentic in the valley.
Another really popular place I just don't understand. It was crowded and the service wasn't that great. My grape leaves tasted like rubber and had tomatoes in them even though I asked for none.The hummus tasted like it was made from powder and the pitas were hard.
Good tacos. I'm a picky Mexican food eater and I don't mind their food. Nothing GREAT but I wouldn't complain. The prices are pretty cheap considering the quality, freshness and authenticity of the foodI've heard many rumors that they always barely pass their health codes. Uh oh!
I love the World Market! It's the only place where I can find gummi cola and coffeecrisp bars in the same store! Yum!The holiday season is the best time to visit. They always have bins full of stocking stuffers that range from all sorts of really cute things from all over the world. It's a must hit place for me since I send out a lot of little packages to friends across the US for the holidays.The only bad experience I had was last year when I was searching for a menorah. I asked if they sold them since I saw they had menorah candles. The guy I asked looked at me like I was from mars and then finally said, "Oh that Hannukah thing?" and rolled his eyes. It was kind of rude! But I haven't seen that employee back there since. Maybe he was seasonal.A week later I asked the same question to another employee and she was really friendly and helpful. I hear a lot of people come here for the wine selection. I don't know about that but as far as the candy and toys and cute Christmas ornaments... I'm a fan!
This place was really nice inside. It was very classy and the waiter was attentive. The food was just whatever. Nothing too great. The sushi was made to order but came in very small portions. Since all I wanted to eat was sushi this made it very difficult and awkward for me. I don't really like buffets ;{That's why I'm trying to be nice about it. It's really unfair for a person who doesn't like buffets to review a buffet. My boyfriend said the food was just okay. Everything was cold. Decent...but cold.They had Mr Pibb though and in my book that earns an automatic star. I don't care what you say. That's a very important thing!
Okay I previously praised this place as the god of bagel joints and although I still say they have the best bagels in Arizona...I THINK THIS IS NOTEWORTHY!I came here early one Saturday morning with my boyfriend for some breakfast. I ordered my favorite...rosemary bagel mmmmm.We get home and I take a bite of this golden delicacy only to discover that the inside was slightly doughy and uncooked. It was so delicious that I ate it despite this disgusting fact and paid for it the rest of the day.Only one place can make me want to eat doughy uncooked bagels and that's Brueggers but uh yeah seriously cook your stuff before serving me. I'm a huge fan don't abuse me like this again. :{
I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex in general but my mom had a gift card so we decided to give it a try. The service was nice and the waitress was very attentive. (this is noteworthy because my family is the kind of family where every single member has some special order with their meal) The restaurant was full of... well I can't even describe the kind of people I found here. Imagine if a rich snob from Scottsdale had a bunch of kids with a pretentious asshole college student from Tempe. Then imagine if their kids grew up and lived in one restaurant. Luckily the seating was kind of private and we went during a time when it wasn't busy.I don't like corn bread but my family said the cornbread was fantastic. It looked pretty legit to me. The food itself was pretty good. Kind of pricey. Oh man but their margaritas sucked. I think they used store brand tequila or something.
I feel that I'm cursed with the fact that I'm a small girl who has a boyfriend with a large appetite. He always wants to go to buffets and I always feel like it's a waste because I usually can barely finish off one plate.We came into Kopper Kettle since it's right next to one of our other favorite restaurants. The service was extraordinary. The manager/owner asked us if we had ever eaten there before. We told him it was our first time and I had eaten indian food before but he was new to it. He then took us around the buffet and explained each dish to us, what was in it...the level of spicy...and what it goes best with. It was the nicest thing ever because my biggest fear in restaurants is mystery meat since I can't eat pork or shellfish. The owners wife was our waitress and she kept our drinks filled and was constantly asking if everything was good or not. Which by the way IT WAS. I've had a lot of indian food but their buffet really took the cake. It was wonderful. At the end of our meal we were surprised however, because the total for two buffet dinners was almost forty bucks! The food and service were amazing but forty bucks seemed a little steep to me. Maybe if I was a normal American who could wolf down four plates and then go back for dessert it would be worth it...but whenever I go to buffets I feel sort of ripped off since I can't take anything home and I barely eat.  Overall~Food: AmazingService: AmazingAtmosphere: AmazingPrice: Disappointing
This is like seriously the best Bevmo in the world. I've been to other Bevmos and they don't compare. The selection is giant (although they DON'T HAVE RASPBERRY GINGERALE! ... I'll forgive them.) Chances are that if you want something related to alcohol, they'll have it. The prices are kind of high but still way cheaper than they would be at some snobby pretentious import liquor store. I like my shopping carts thank you very much!!I've never had a question go unanswered here. Their employees are very knowledgeable. The only problem I have is that sometimes they don't card me and uh...I seriously look like I'm 14. That worries me greatly since it's so close to the college.
Very authentic!What I mean is, authentic enough that if you don't know some spanish you're going to have a very hard time ordering here. This is the only place my family goes for mexican meat or baked goods. Seriously, walking into this store is like taking a little trip to Mexico itself.A little scary at first, but totally worth it.
I like Chick-Fil-A but it's too expensive for fast food. There isn't anything about their food that makes me think a single chicken sandwich should be that price. Their fries need a ton of salt for me to enjoy them. I'd be lying if I said that their chicken wasn't good but I rarely come here unless I have one of those GET A FREE SANDWICH coupons. Otherwise I always feel like I'm getting ripped off.Also PS: Chick-Fil-A, being closed on Sunday does not make this Utah. You're still in Arizona where employees usually don't mind working on Sundays and customers get frustrated if a place is closed all day.
I have no idea why my family is so obsessed with this place. Maybe I'm an unfair judge because I have a deep hatred for pizza. They do have a few pasta dishes that I enjoy and they do taste good but not good enough to outweigh the cons of this restaurant. I can deal with a long wait if the food tastes great and the atmosphere is nice. While the food does pass...the atmosphere just ugh...It's SO crowded. There's like four tables inside. However they have ample OUTSIDE seating. Um...Do they not realize this is Arizona? There are only about two months out of the year where outside seating is a comfortable choice. Also, the parking is horrible. You're lucky to get a spot in their tiny lot.Since they're always so crowded the service is really slow too. It sucks because their food is pretty tasty. Oh well.
I honestly think that I'm like one of the only straight girls in the world who likes this place. I love the sports bar atmosphere and their food is really good. I used to order the take-out wings all the time back in the day.The waitresses are always really nice. I went to a Hooters in California once and our waitress was so rude. You could tell she was a frustrated and annoyed failed actress and was taking it out on her customers. The girls who work at this location are mostly college girls and don't have a bad attitude. The last time I came here was with my family for my little brothers 13th birthday. The waitress was really nice and attentive. When we asked her if the fried pickles were good (since we hadn't been in years) she said, "If you like pickles the fried pickles are good."It was the silliest response ever and she instantly realized it and laughed with us. It was just a pleasant atmosphere in general.They took my brother to the front and made him stand on a chair with balloons stuffed in his shirt while the girls sing him happy birthday. It was really nice of them to go above and beyond the average ice cream with a birthday song. They also gave him a calendar that all the waitresses signed for him.I have this theory that the only people who don't like Hooters are jealous girls and/or men who would rather be at strip club but their wives won't let them go.Could have done without the upstairs location though. I'd imagine after having a few drinks it would suck to get out. (Maybe thats the point!)
Hm. The mexican food is pretty cheap and tasteless (But I'm a tough judge when it comes to this)The patio is a lively place if you can afford the drink prices. Even during Happy Hour theyre pretty steep. It seems like a really cool place to stop by after work with some friends on a fall or winter day, but other than that it's not that great. Way too hot in the summer. Great Margaritas though.
I really don't like pizza. Now before you look at me like I just told you I don't accept Jesus Christ as Lord or I killed my first born... (for some reason I get this reaction every time I say I don't like pizza. Seriously, what is it with the world and their love affair with pizza!?) Anyways. I've had pizza in New York, Chicago, and in Boston. I think I'm pretty damn schooled on pizza. I just plain don't like it.That being said, I've always had one rule. I don't like pizza unless it's Slices. Back in the day everyone knew the only way to get me to eat pizza was to venture to Mill Ave and pick me up something from Slices. Looking back I can't remember what it was about slices that made me claim it as the only pizza I'll eat but it was probably the fact that they would make me an artichoke heart and feta cheese pizza. l think the trick to get me to like pizza is to fool me by making it not taste like pizzaToday I went to Slices for the first time in years. (since I'm not a fan of pizza in general) When you're ordering a single slice you shouldn't ever expect it to be fresh and hot. They do put it in the oven for a few minutes though to get it that fresh feeling. The selection of premade slices was kind of small compared to the Mill location but they did have one that caught my eye. A pizza with nothing but vegetables. There wasn't even any cheese or sauce! I felt like I was in heaven. My heart was pounding. Could it be!?The pizza itself was really great but I'm not sure if I can even call it a pizza. I feel like I'm cheating. Bread + hot vegetables = pizza??? My brother got pepperoni and mushroom and my grandpa got sausage. They both said that it was really good pizza that was totally worth 3 bucks a slice.Anyways the service was pretty good but the seating was horrible. They only have a bar and one table along with some outside seating. Hello! We live in Arizona. Nobody wants to eat outside in the heat or be cramped at a bar next to strangers. They lose a star for that because seriously when you're in a high traffic location like Tempe Marketplace you need to have better places for people to sit. We're tired from shopping and it's hot outside!!All in all, I think my opinion is still the same. I hate pizza but love Slices.
I'm convinced that this is the smallest Peter Piper in existence. A little cousin of mine had his 11th birthday party here and it was embarrassing. There are like four games and there isn't a ballpit at all.When we first got there they hadn't even set up for the party yet and we were on time. I asked one of the employees if there was a party schedule for 2pm and she snaps, "I HAVE NO IDEA" and gave me the dirtiest look ever. It was so rude. I get that you work at Peter Piper and you're probably upset about that but don't take it out on me. I tried to play Deal or No Deal with my cousin to just try to have fun and was bombarded by unsupervised Mexican children begging me for tokens and tickets and screaming at me how to play the game. Where were their parents at? The location in Mesa is much better! It's bigger than a Chuck E Cheese and the staff is way friendlier. Avoid this location at all costs.
My parents love this place. They ranted and raved about how great it was so when my mom invited me to go there for a girls night, I was happy to try it out.The restaurant itself is gorgeous. Fake trees covered in lights...the whole nine yards. I hear they have live music on the weekends. The stage was beautiful.Everything was pretty expensive but I don't mind spending $15 on a meal if it's worth it. I ordered the vegetarian enchiladas and a margarita. The margarita was alright. Nothing too special. Definitely not a twelve dollar margarita. As for the food, well it was horrible. My enchilada had cinnamon on it. CINNAMON. It didn't say that it would have cinnamon on the menu. I HATE cinnamon. I was really polite about it when I mentioned it to the waitress and she said, "Well AUTHENTIC mexican food usually has cinnamon on the main dishes."Excuse me? My last name is Montoya and I was running around in diapers eating fresh tortillas before this waitress was even born. My family visits Mexico multiple times a year and I was raised on homemade mexican food. Not once EVER has there been cinnamon in it. I wouldn't have been mad about the cinnamon if she hadn't said that. It is NOT authentic mexican food. I have no idea what she was thinking.If you like overpriced 'mexican' food that tastes nothing like mexican food and love dessert spices on your enchiladas, then I'd suggest coming here!Stick to the bar for the atmosphere because it's lovely but avoid the food at all costs.
I feel like I went to a completely different place than other reviewers. Perhaps it was just an off day but I won't risk it again.First off the air wasn't working and it was summer. The place was packed with loud children screaming everywhere and the server didn't refill our drinks once. That alone would have been okay if the food was good but it wasn't. While there was a wide variety of it...nothing was actually good. Most of it was cold and looked like it had been sitting out forever even though it was the middle of lunch. After one tiny plate my boyfriend and I paid and left because it just wasn't worth staying.
I have a pretty hard time getting antique merchants to take me seriously. They almost always assume I'm some little girl who wants some storybooks and not a serious collector who would pay $200+ for the right first edition Dr Seuss book if it presented itself. (So what? I'm a 24 year old who looks 13!)That was how it went down at this place. The guy actually laughed at me when I asked him to open the case to see his first editions. But that embarrassment aside, the variety was wide and I enjoyed walking around looking at how many different things they had. I really liked the section with all the rock memorabilia. Not just the Beatles like most stores but also Bob Dylan and other staples ;}
I'm utterly terrified of this store. I opt to drive a few miles to Frys instead.
Normally when I go to a restaurant I'm not annoyed when I'm given a kids menu. It's kind of a compliment since I'm twenty-four and a little sensitive about my age due to having a younger boyfriend. However, when I came here with my family the other day the hostess placed a kids menu down for me and thus began the silliest most awkward situation ever. My usual response is to just push it aside where my little brother is seated. Well when I did this the hostess promptly put another one down for me. This was so silly to me and my mother that we both laughed (in a non-rude way) The hostess then looked at me as if I were a naughty child and said, "OH WOULD YOU LIKE A GROWN UP MENU??" There wasn't even a hint of playfulness in her voice. She was serious.Just about everyone heard. Normally I'm a pretty polite customer but I just rolled my eyes and mumbled, "Yes, I'm twenty-four."She didn't apologize and actually never brought me my own menu. I had to share with my MOMMY!That hilarious story aside, the food is pretty good and reasonably priced. Their margaritas are buy one get one during Happy Hour so after a few of those the age situation was easily forgotten. My entire family ordered steak and said it was Houstons grade steak at Applebees price. I ordered fish and it was pretty good. They didn't charge me when I asked for a vegetable skewer instead of fries even though the skewer is more expensive on the menu.Oh and also, I can throw my peanut shells on the floor. I feel like fucking royalty. The end.
What an adorable little idea. I was afraid they would go out of business when BevMo started getting big in Arizona but I'm glad to see it's still doing well. It used to be a must hit stop for me when I was a teen. Now that I'm a little older my tummy and teeth can't handle all that stuff but I still have fond memories of it. Does anyone else remember when it was a TINY little nook? Their new location is much nicer.
The employees here are always so polite. Maybe they're just playing the part but they're always really overtalkative silly old japanese men. As a retarded American, I fall for this every time and am overwhelmed by an adorable experience.Plus they have Mr Pibb, so I'm a happy camper whenever I pass by.
I've always been a fan of Claim Jumper. Someone called it Cracker Barrel on steroids and I laughed so hard because that's exactly what you will experience.Their food is amazing. That isn't an argument at all. Be prepared to have leftovers that will last you until the next rainy season, seriously. The prices are really expensive because you're not buying a meal, you're investing in a series of meals. My problem the last time I came here was the service. The waitress was kind of rude and kept giving us dirty looks. Then when the food came out my mashed potatoes had gravy on them. The menu didn't say they came with gravy and she never asked me if I wanted gravy. I am physically incapable of eating gravy. Is it just me or is gravy the kind of thing you're supposed to ask if someone wants before just assuming? If it had been on the menu I would have asked for none. I was really sad about this because I love their mashed potatoes. My mom ordered a piece of chocolate cake the size of a whale. I was both terrified and astounded by this beast. I don't eat chocolate but they all said it was great. I'll have to believe them.I wish I could pick 3.5 but whatever.
I'm so surprised to see all the bad reviews of this place. The parking could be better but considering the closest alternative is Mill Ave...I'd say the parking is great in comparison. The idea of an outdoor mall in Arizona sort of bothers me at first. In the summer this place isn't exactly a prime spot but any other season it's perfect. What other outdoor malls do we have? There's Desert Ridge which personally I can't stand. It's full of loud preteens and ridiculous Scottsdale moms. We used to have the Pavillions but may it RIP. The people you find in the Marketplace are a pretty even mixture. You don't see too many college kids or tons of old people. It's equal all around.I don't mind that everythings spread out. When the weathers nice I enjoy walking around (especially at night with all the lights). During the summer you just drive from one spot to another. It's really not that hard. As far as the music goes...it's never really bothered me that much unless it's the holidays.  But I think everyone can relate to getting annoyed by hearing ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR, over and over and over again. It's not like they play it that loud anyways unless you're in the parking lot.Overall I think it's a pretty solid shopping center. During the summer, stick to Fiesta Mall. But if it's nice out, enjoy yourself. It's gorgeous and fun!
I purchased the Groupon for the teeth whitening, which I had yesterday. I arrived 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork as they requested, but when I arrived, no one was at the front desk. As the sign indicated, they were out to lunch, which was fine, but when they returned (10 minutes or so later) they asked if I had filled out the paperwork yet. I don't know if they had expected me to just take a clipboard off of the desk to complete on my own or not, but I found it mildly annoying. For the procedure you have to put a plastic spacer in your mouth to keep your lips away from the whitening gel, and I was having difficulty getting mine to sit comfortably without digging into my gums. The woman assisting me tried to help by putting cotton rolls in my mouth, but they kept slipping, so I found it most comfortable to  hold the spacer. Into the second round of whitening, another woman came along and noticed that I was holding the spacer, and asked me if I would like to put some cotton in to make it more comfortable. While I realize that she was trying to help, I knew that it probably wasn't going to work, so I said no. She insisted on putting them in during the second round while I still had bleaching gel in my mouth, which got on to the cotton roll that she placed in my upper and lower gums. My gums and frenulum were burning, and I asked her to take them out, but she wanted me to be sure that the discomfort wasn't just that I was feeling my mouth stretch before she took them out. After taking them out they both swabbed vitamin e oil on the affected areas and the second woman left - she didn't explain that she had gotten the bleach on my gums or even apologize for hurting me when I didn't even want the assistance! I had been fine until she tried to help me, but the remainder of my appointment was painful and uncomfortable. At the end of the appointment, the woman assisting me explained that the white spots on my gums were from the bleaching gel and that the pain would last about 2-3 hours. I woke up this morning and my gums and frenulum still sting; I can't smile or touch my lips without pain, and I still have tooth sensitivity (the latter is no one's fault, but I wish they had explained that I might still have sensitivity/pain today). Needless to say I'm pretty upset by the experience; I'm going to be in a wedding this weekend and I hope the pain subsides by then. While no one was particularly unprofessional and my review is only regarding the procedure that I had, I cannot recommend them and I would not use their services again.
The Wynn is the place to go to really emerge yourself in an upscale Vegas environment and Parasol Down is super unique and special. Service was very friendly and accommodating and having the option to take your drinks outside to the patio was awesome!! We got to enjoy the small show in front of the waterfall before heading off to our see La Reve and had a really memorable evening here. Thanks Wynn Las Vegas!!
The photo opportunities here are endless. Make sure to set aside a good amount of time to spend here to take advantage of the multiple view points and tours available. We will definitely be back some day to further explore this man made wonder.
This buffet is truly as good as it gets. I haven't been to many Vegas buffets but this place set the bar very high. They have literally anything you can think of and all the food is of very good quality. I was especially impressed with the dessert selection. Top notch!!
The food here was great!! We were a big fan of the trash can nachos. Prices are a bit high for what you get. Service seemed overwhelmed with a party of 7. Overall, I would give it another try but maybe next time with a smaller group or at a less busy time of day.
We booked online through priceline.com and no resort fees were mentioned in the booking process nor on the receipt from them. Upon check in, we were told the credit card is held for incidentals and room charges only and were never informed of a resort fee. When I inquired about the charge at check out, the front desk agent (Marlyn?) was extremely confrontational and insistent on proving me wrong. The front desk manager did nothing to accommodate my concerns and proceeded to charge my card for the fee that I clearly stated that I did not authorize ($35 plus tax). We had a great stay at the hotel and would love to come back in the very near future, however this has left us with a very poor first impression.
The view is about the only thing this place has going for it. Extremely high prices for extremely small portions. Average (bite sized) portion is $20 and the waiter recommends you order three plates each!! Honestly, you would probably need to order about 5 plates to be satisfied. I will be watching from the other side of the fountains next time and save myself the small fortune it costs to eat at this up tight establishment.
Scam Artis . talk to mid Atlantic at a home show, I wanted him to look at some moisture problems in my basement. The salesman that came out and right off the bat reminded me of the wild wild West show trying to sell the magical elixir. I told the guy straight up I worked as a project superintendent in commercial construction for 10 years and have a civil engineering degree. He continued on with his circus freaks side show and tried to convince me that the cinderblock walls are for draining water my cinderblock walls are filled solid from top to bottom with grout. They were also going to dig out my basement floor and put a drains.  anybody and everybody Who knows how waterproofing works knows that waterproofing is only effective on the outside of the structure not the inside. As all the reviews have indicated this company is a complete scam avoid them.  This was a high-pressure dooming gloom sales pitch it was horrible, I can only imagine what people have gone through with this company people who are not knowledgeable in construction and people who are easily taken advantage of.
Real sweet tea! Great food, all u can eat sides. Had pulled pork sandwich & sampler plate. Very good and tasty. Good for the wallet too.
Very nice caf, perfect for studying as it usually stays quiet outside of lunch hours.There is free wifi and student discounts.Management just changed and the new shop owners are still getting settled in, you'll often find dishes that are off menu that regulars greatly appreciate. Coffee is good, not very consistent but that would just be a matter of time.definitely a recommendation for fellow students.
Worst place I have ever been. I had it in there 3 times in 3 weeks. They said I had a bad water pump. Then a week later the check engine light came back on and needed new plugs which they never said anything about but said they told us. I spoke to the manger and their customer service sucks and they Treated me like I was crazy for bring it back in. So we fixed the plugs thinking we were all good. Then a week later the check engine light came back on and I was told I needed a new oil pump. I told them I did not want to put more money in the car. I got the feeling they had no idea what was wrong with it and we're just throwing parts on to see what worked. I refused to let them replace the oil pump because I lost all confidence in them. I went and got a second opinion and the oil pump was fine the block was cracked from the original issues with the water pump and they missed it. DONT GO HERE UNLESS YOU LIKE THROWING AWAY MONEY!
Don't use them!!! They called less than 24 hours before our move and canceled. We have been booked for over 3 weeks. They said they did not have the staff to move us and did not have any options. It left us scrambling last minute to find other movers. They guy on the phone was not helpful and a jerk and acted like it should be no big deal to just wait a week to move.
Disappointed is the first word that comes to mind.  My husband and I use to go there a lot but have not been in while.  We are not beer drinkers (I know, weird place to go), but we always liked the food.  Last night fries were really hard, like they have been refried, not fresh.  Sandwiches were average.  Service was good but it was a slow night.
Walked in, staff member watching television.  Told a stylist to take me.  She washed hair, conditioned, put me under hairdryer.  I did not need deep conditioning but thought ok, if that's how they do it.  Sat under dryer for about 15 minutes.  The stylist working on me then proceeded to get her hair washed by another stylist.  Very unprofessional.  I was furious.  Got up to leave and they told me I didn't have to pay.  Good thing.  Definitely not recommended!
Been here numerous times and have had really good meals and a few not so good.  Went last night and our meals (me and my husband) were excellent.  I had mango Curry with Shrimp and he had Spicy Basil shrimp. Only downside, and to me it's major, was it was very hot in the restaurant.  No air conditioning, no fans, and the hottest part of the day with the sun shining on their front window.  Very uncomfortable, especially with spicy food.Definitely will go back but next time it will be take out!
I have been going to Eger for a number of years after my husband recommended them.  I have never regretted it!  Dr. Holly is so pleasant and professional.  April is so helpful when it comes time to choose eyeglass frames.  Everyone there is courteous and caring.  Definitely recommend!
My husband and I get to enjoy the Lexus Club one or two times per season.  The quality of the food can be inconsistent but last night everything was very good.  Maryellen, our waitress, was very attentive.  We love the new set up downstairs with the bar, self serve stadium food, candy, and drinks. The seats are comfortable and crowd respectful.  The Lexus Club is a great place to watch the Pirates.
I shop here regularly and for the most part have positive experiences.  Is it too much to ask that produce not go bad within a few days.  It is very inconvenient for multiple reasons:  not being able to use when needed and having to return it before it totally rots.
A major disappointment!  I've been wanting to try this place for sometime.  Based on the other great reviews, I was hopeful.  Sadly, my experience did not measure up.Ordered chix gyro and gyro salad.  The pita bread was  burnt but that was good since it complimented the excessively charred meat! It was suppose to be chicken but I am honestly not sure because it was so burnt I could not absolutely tell whether it was chicken, pork, or beef.  I cannot imagine how they could think it okay to give this to someone to eat!The gyro salad was not burnt but the lettuce was limp and sour.  The gyro meat was good as was the few French fries on top.
My husband and I like Central Diner for breakfast.  Him:  bagel all the way (lox, cream cheese, onion, capers, etc.).  Me:  eggs over easy with ham, home fries and English muffin.  It is usually always good but every so often the home fries taste "old" and the English muffin isn't toasted enough.  Not the best bagel and lox he has eaten but good.  One time when something didn't taste right, manager took it off the bill.  Service is always good!
If I could give zero star I would.  Finally after 25+ years as a customer, I have had enough of their rudeness, unprofessionalism, and slow service.  Switching both myself and my husband to another Giant Eagle pharmacy!  The details that set me over the edge are too lengthy to describe but to abbreviate:   stand in 15 minutes only to be told we can't help you, go to next line wait another 15 minutes while two of the employees chat together, only to be told it would be ready in 15 minutes, no 20, no 30, at least.  When you are ill and need to start the medication right away, this runaround and delay is frustrating.  After just a short time with the new pharmacy, the customer service we have received has been phenomenal!
My favorite Bbq in Florida! A must try!!! Very filling portions. I don't eat pork,and love the beef BBQ! My husband loves the pork. The fried okra is definitely a southern favorite! I always get an order of beans as the sauce is amazing. You can use the various sauces to dial up the heat or sweetness of any dish as you prefer. All the sides are terrific. It's hearty meal so go hungry!!
Great Japanese curry spot! My husband and I recently took a trip to Okinawa, Japan for vacation  to visit friends and they introduced us to the well known awesome restaurant "coco's curry" and this place is just like that! Owner hide is so nice, but we did experience some of the best service and genuinely kind people in Japan so we weren't surprised by his excellent service. We got the combo pork katsu and chicken cutlet katsu which was great, curry was perfect flavor and consistency. I also ordered the side salad which had sesame dressing just like the kind we've had at coco's curry in Japan. Prices are very reasonable especially with the good size portions u get. The owner also offered us free dessert since it was our first time and they also offer military discount, just make sure to ask before they place your order. This place is kind of a drive for us from North Las Vegas but definitely worth it for our Japanese curry cravings. We'll definitely be frequent customers :)
Excellent food!! Super satisfied by their hospitality and welcoming environment. By far the best Tibetan Resturant in North America! If anyone is around parkdale area give it a shot  satisfaction guaranteed!
Color experts. The longevity of the stylists says a lot about the salon. New color bar is in plain view to customers for a truly interactive color experience. I love the massage chairs while getting a shampoo.
First let me start out with our server Shay! AMAZING! The atmosphere here is great. This is our first time in and everything looks amazing. As our food sales pitcher Shay would say she doesn't have to try very hard when the food is amazing. Wow is she right. We ordered everything from Nashville hot chicken to the shiitake garlic noodles. Think we found our new hangout. Sports bar setting with a finer dining feel. Ok so after devouring our whole meal the consensus is beyond ridiculous! Right down to the darn pickles as a garnish. Pub/bar yes food way above that.
Ok normally I would give this place 5 stars. Tonight is not one of them. The WORST SERVICE EVER! 4 tables in the bar. That's it. So when it took us 10 mins at least to just get water. 5 mins later a menu. After 15 mins the beer is still sitting at the bar. Got up to get them ourselves the bartender says relax sit down we are really busy. Again 4 tables. I believe 30 mins was plenty of time to relax. Didn't even bother to order food just paid the tab and left. On a side note the table next to us had to bang their silverware on the table just to get their water. Poor customer service all the way around. And no didn't even feel bad for telling the bartender he was a real POS. Kudos however to the kind man that made sure we had our chips and salsa. He was the best part of the experience. Hence the only deserving star.
We had lunch here last Staurday (Aug. 16th)  We were suprised by the quality of the food and service.  My wife had the Big Fat Greek berger, I has a Gyro.  Both were wonderful.  We were in town for a Wedding Renewal, and found this place with the help of Yelp.  By the way, Becky came out of the kitchen and asked us how we liked our meals.  Great touch.  If we did not live more than three hours away, we would come back often.  We will return next time we are in town. Next time we will come later and stay for the entertainment.
This so called hotel is an old recycled Remada Inn.  It is nothing like the photos shown on the web site.  Or maby they are showing what the place looked like 20 years ago.  We spent two nights in this dump last week.  Never again.  The carpets were stained, looked like they had not been cleaned in years.  The furniture was shabby and worn.  The first elivator we took to our room had a broken grab rail.   We were on the 6th floor, the ice machine (which did not work) was on the 3rd floor that the hotel had booked for a Swingers Convention.  I am glad the ice machine did not work as it was filthy and smelled bad. In any case, we will NOT be returning to this establishment. The hotel staff kicked the children in our group out of the pool so that the Swingers Group could have a pool party.  This was at 2:00 PM.  One of the Swinger  women walked across the Lobby wearing nothing but a fish net cover up which did nothing to cover up.  We are not prudes, but this was surely over the top.  By the way, the drive leading to the hotel is full of potholes and cracked concrete.  If you must go here, go very slowly.
Perfect location, cheap for what you get, parking is nearly impossible to find! The room we got was very, very strange. The overall design of the hotel is pretty cool. But I think we got one of the strangest rooms. There were ropes hanging from the ceilings, and a massive porch on the back. The porch was very nice to have, but it was attached to another building where people could easily hop over our little divided and break in. The doors were very hard to lock. Overall, I definitely did not feel safe. Didn't sleep the whole night. If you're looking for a good location for a good price then give it a try! But plan out your parking situation first...and you can't be paranoid. Definitely an interesting place! Perfect for couples or college students who will be out most of the time. But if you can afford to stay elsewhere....spend the extra money.
Loved this place! We were there when the city was extra crowded, and they always had a table open. Fast and friendly service! Great wings.
Only been in one time and was really impressed. Great customer service, and a very clean environment. Angus burger was cooked to perfection and super juicy! My friend had the char dog and said it was amazing!  Will be back!!
Horrible service!!! Bartenders were incredibly rude! One of the mangers came over to talk to us about the service and ended up talking to his employee in front of us. We finished our drinks and the bartender refused to take our bill because he said"we are young and wouldn't tip". We tipped the buser because he was the only one who did a great job! We waited around for another manager to discuss the issues! Do not come here! They do not care about service to their customers!
Canes customer service is outstanding! All their employees are super friendly and outgoing! Even though they are always busy they keep their customer service #1 and food is always fresh! I live in CA and I def always try to stop by when I can because its delish!!! Their raising canes sauce is so good! I always order extra!!! Stopping at Canes is a must!!!
I've been to Dantes a few times now and always had a good experience. Really enjoyed the Bocca and other games. The pizza was great and I really enjoyed the olive app. I would have to say the best part about Dantes is the service, I sat at the bar my last two visits and the bartender Raffee remember my name from previously coming in which was refreshing and made me feel welcome. I think the other bartenders name was lauren and she was very down to earth, she even introduced me to a new favorite drink which was great!  Go to Dantes if you're looking to play games and have great service.
I decided last minute I wanted a rockabilly look for an event and so I called Rebel. Annie and Caycee rearranged their schedules to squeeze me in on a Saturday. Talk about 5 star customer service. When I showed up, I was pretty sure I was in the wrong place. It is definitely not a place I would randomly stop at ...BUT, I really had a FANTASTIC experience.Annie did my matte finish make-up, complete with full red lips and cat liner. Caycee worked what was nothing short of MAGIC on my locks, once in my housewife style dress with pearls, I looked like a pin-up out of the 50s.Caycee and Annie are very collaborative and compliment each other, their personalities are so different, but it just works and I loved every second of my time at the salon. To top it all off the time they spent making sure my hair and make-up were perfect I though FOR SURE was going to cost me a fortune, BUT NO! Completely reasonable! I didn't do any vintage shopping, maybe next time! I WILL be back.
Arrived at the coffee house just after 7pm on Thursday evening 4/2/2010, to find the staff closing the doors, stacking chairs onto tables. I had made a special visit into Edinburgh to try out their coffee, I was not very pleased.
There is nothing wrong in general with this place until you need to visit the loos. Since the building was built, they have gone downhill. The toilet seats don't sit right. The soap dispensers do not work, the hand dryer is hopeless. The toilets are filthy, not sure when they were last cleaned.
I've had my car worked on a couple of times in the last 6 months at this garage.Everytime, has been great. The staff are approachable and helpful. Only yesterday, I was checking my tyre pressures and noticed one of the valves was not visible, I popped into KW Auto Fix and one of the mechanics fixed it straight away, and then rechecked my tyre pressure for me, no charge - fantastic !!!! Later on in the day, my car broke down, I called the AA who advised a new battery, so I called KW Auto Fix and they managed to order in and fit a brand new battery before they closed for the evening, the price was right and their service was very swift. I would recommend them to anyone.
Fantastic food, excellent quality, staff superb, great night out.Need to book at weekends as it gets very busy. Great choices of dishes including vegetarian. Puddings are delicious !!!
I don't profess to be a connoisseur, but it's the best Ethiopian place I've eaten at - a bonus that it is so close! Wonderful food, staff are super friendly and welcoming. I've been back multiple times (usually early evening) and it's always satisfied. Staff will explain the dishes to you and make suggestions if you're not so familiar with the cuisine. They have a decent variety and it all tastes fantastic. The coffee ceremony is definitely worth partaking in too! Highly recommended.
Very friendly. We walked past and the door was open ; even though they'd just closed they were friendly and helped us with some frozen options which we took home to cook - they were delicious! Heartily recommend their samosas and bacon wrapped dates.
I wanted to get a spray tan for my wedding. Danielle is awesome. She comes to your house and makes you feel so comfortable with the whole process. She gives easy to follow instructions and is so easy to work with. The tan looked great for my wedding. If you are doing this for your own wedding, I recommend getting one done a couple months prior if possible to get the technique down and figure out the right shades. My wedding was in September, but my cousin's was in May so I used hers as a test. And I am so glad I did! I figured out I wanted to go slightly lighter with the shade and I knew what to expect when it came to my big day. Overall this was a great experience and I would highly recommend.
Been here several times and never get tired. The authorities in charge do a fantastic job of keeping people safe, managing the crowds not to mention the excellent information provided by the tour guides. Great job guys and gals.
Love going through Phoenix, easy connections, the American Staff is always great. Love the neat restaurants and a couple of nice coffee corners. Just a pleasant environment.
Absolutely a fantastic Airport. Decent food, good shops , good American personal, always a great place to make connections. Can't believe all the cry babies on this website.
I was at Phoenix  international  raceway  last weekend for the full race weekend...have been to several nascar cup races over the past  13yrs. Long story short. ..please don't spend your hard earned money to have the trackside  club experience.... $699 per person to sit in a tent that may or may not have working  air. ..you still have to wear earplugs and if you  are one of the 22-27 (unreserved;  not guaranteed  to get your seat back if you leave to go to the bathroom in Porta potty or garage tour...lady that was working tent said if I left my jacket at the seat to hold it...it may not be there  when I get back .. "I have had  jackets  disappear  before.") lucky people to sit in an indoor seat looking OUT at the race track through the people on the outside deck, and chain link fence where you can barely  read the tower and no sprint vision screen...no view of the pits .  We bought our tickets  online and  the trackside club was extremely misadvertised. The people on the lower level of the stands had better seats than us.  After our complaints  were  heard...we ended up  upgrading our tickets to the octane club...most expensive VIP  so far at any track we have been to!....my synopsis....if you want a great race experience for your money sit in the octane  club...great people..great seats. ..great food...don't waste your time or money  at the trackside  club($699 per person...shitty seats...shitty food. ..shitty Porta potty....what did you say...I can't  hear  you..wait until there is a caution).
Nice patio, friendly service and not many bars downtown where you can get a (good) burger and fries for just $8.
Great for lunch! Fast, friendly service and good food
We've been shopping here for a while and tonight, a "over aged bag boy" asks my wife for ID, when we bought a bottle of wine. She didn't have her purse, and he took an attitude, told her to go home and get her ID. I had mine, I'm in my 40's, but he said state law says everyone needs to show ID. Make sure you have something for your children if you decide to buy a six pack. Better yet, go someplace else. very immature staff.
BEST PIZZA AROUND! I am an out of towner, but my parents live in the area and everytime I come and visit I always request we go here because the pizza is to die for! The service is great as well so you can't go wrong!
Re-scheduled 3 times cause he couldn't do the times. So i had to open up times in my schedule 3 times. Then he said he didn't have a partner so I would have to HELP HIM PUT UP THE TV! Should be paying me! On the third attempt he called and said he'd be arriving in 30 minutes. AN HOUR PASSES. I text him. He says hes going to have to cancel the service for no apparent reason other than he didn't want to do it(why take the job then?!?!??!). Get an email after he says hes cancelling: "Cancel Reason: The promotion is applicable only when service is bought with product ". 100% lie. I bought a tv with the service.  Don't trust this guy.
I placed a group order today at 11:13 for delivery. Our lunch is from 12:00-12:30 so the hour estimated time seemed reasonable. When I finally called the store at 12:27 to see where our order was the woman who answered the phone was rude and defensive. She had no idea why it hadn't been delivered. I explained we had a set lunch time and it was over and that we would not be ordering from them again. Her reply, we are running a business and only have one driver so do whatever you like sweetheart and hung up. To make this already annoying situation worse...when the driver shower up, he gave me $20 cash as instructed by his boss Which came out of HIS tips (I gave it back) How shady, news flash...you want to provide a customer good service refund thier money from your profit not your hard working employees.The icing on the cake for me was crunchy cold enchiladas...the cheese wasn't even melted. My Dr. Pepper was good though. I give this establishment a HUGH thumbs down and a negative 5 star rating.
Just got escorted out because one of our friends was carrying a military ID. thanks for respecting those who keep our country safe.
Fantastic place to go- friendly, quick and good. Kelly is my go to and she's fabulous! Always fits me in and has helped when I have broken a nail or need a new paint on one !
Pullano's is a great place to come and can accommodate a few different moods. The restaurant is divided into two separate parts that contain both a bar and formal dining area. Both of which are great atmospheres to have lunch/dinner. The food here is great and the pricing is reasonable. A couple of great items on their menu are the Baked White Ziti and Dessert Pulookie. Both are fantastic. On our last visit I had the chance to try the Bacon Mac' N ' CheeseBurger. WAY too much food for me in a sitting but I can tell you it was out of the ordinary and it tasted amazing. Top notch food here and a great place to bring family and friends. I always look forward to getting the opportunity to come down to this place. Kudos.
First off, I'm going to start by saying that the service was an abomination. We went on a Saturday afternoon, Maybe 10 people in the whole place. From start to finish it took almost 3 hours. Three of us ordered drinks, waited 15 minutes. Not too bad I guess, But then the food service happened. 3 Orders. Every single one was messed up. From wrong sides to whole wrong orders. One order was completely wrong to the point my head almost exploded and worst of all, nobody cared. We received two side for one order before the protein, Then my order came, which had a wrong side 20+ minutes after the other's sides. Then a 3rd plate came that was wrong entirely. Which they took back and fixed after another 20+ minute wait. So once they've fixed my sides and another person's whole meal the waiter goes " Okay, we're all good here?" .......At this point we are still missing the Main protein from the very first dish, who at this point has eaten her sides because it's been just under an hour later. The cook came out and gave the most half-assed apology I've ever heard and moved along with her day, She couldn't have cared less. I was told this place was great but our experience was terrible. The chicken was decent at best and the side were underwhelming. I wanted to like this place so much, But Alas I cannot.
Excellent service and food. The pizza is top-notch and sandwiches are amazing. I usually get delivery, which is always faster than the 45 minutes stated. Nice cozy atmosphere when stopping in for a single pizza. My go-to place for pizza or Italian sandwiches in town.
Fantastic neighborhood bar. The pizza is some of the best in town (the Greek pizza, ftw) and the rotating specials keep things interesting. Tap list is pretty steady and doesn't switch up too much, but the bottle list is always nice.I come in fairly often and the staff is always aces. Great atmosphere to catch a badgers game.On top of everything, the music schedule is phenomenal. A steady supply of Madison bands (not nearly enough People Brothers Band) and other acts from around the Midwest. The vibe is always chill, and the cover is never more than $7 or $8 (if there even is one). Definitely one of my favorite spots in town.
We came by for after dinner drinks so we can't comment on the food but the bar experience was excellent. The staff washonest, jovial, and, most Importantly made a delicious drink. I ordered their blackberry margarita, which was tasty as can be. My husband ordered a mojito, which was not on  the menu but not a problem, and it was delightful.  They also served fresh potato chips for noshing. Hope to be back soon!
I came here during a work trip that happened to fall on restaurant week, which in my hometown tends to mean smaller portions and lower quality.  Not at Nostrano, although I admit I've never been here before this. The cauliflower soup with mushrooms had a delightful smoky undertone, the ragu was spiced perfectly and delicately with cinnamon and pepper that complemented the shredded meat of the lamb, and the finale of affogato made for a perfect but not too filling end to the meal. I did a wine pairing that ended with some of the finest moscato I've ever enjoyed. The staff was knowledgable and helpful. I did ask the server if the pasta was homemade, to which she responded the ragu was not; for restaurant week they used ragu instead oftheir homemade pappardelle. It hardly detracted from the meal though. A wonderful experience overall, the only comparable experiences I've had happened in the hills of Tuscany.
I enjoyed a really nice and simple lunch here at the bar,  I had a buffalo burger with "local" cheese served on a multigrain focaccia.  It was served medium well which is perfect for buffalo; since it's leaner than most meat many restaurants overcook it, not here! I appreciated the option to have dipping veggies instead of fries or a surcharge soup/salad; they were crisp and fresh.  I paired this with a very nice prairie fume white wine. Yes, I know they brew beer but I've just never been a beer person, give a girl a break. It's so refreshing to have a choice from more than one red and one white when choosing a none-beer beverage at a brewery restaurant!      The service was very friendly and attentive, although the server did seem a bit stressed.  I'd return here for a simple meal any day.
Some staff are very nice, but it doesn't make up for the majority who are very rude, and get more rude when they get stressed.  Overall, service is inconsistent. For example, one misinformed employee explained that I wouldn't get Starwood points if I booked through expedia ?! Another rude employee was shocked that I would not have their shuttle schedule memorized and spouted it out to me asking me to pick one in haste.The rooms are loud. I asked for a quiet room, so they nicely put me at the end of the hall away from the elevator and ice machine, but missed the mark by having my window facing the busy highway. Not to mention I can here the tv on the other side of the wall with impressive clarity. The only saving grace is a loud antiquated heating/cooling system that allows me to turn the fan on and drown out the noise.I do feel somewhat bad writing this, only for the nice, young, hard working employees working here don't deserve this review. But unfortunately the rest of the employees and the establishment do.
Ordered for 5 pm at 1pm. Cab comes at 5:30 pm. 15 degrees. Fail. Yelp wants me to add more, but there's not really much more to add....
Walked into this place, waited at the counter for a good minute while the attendant looked down at her phone and typed incessantly, not acknowledging my existence. Talk about rude. Walked right back out, too bad I never even had a chance to review their product, but if that's the way they treat their customers, then I'd rather not spend any time or $ there.
This was a pretty awful experience. The serving situation was, well, let's say odd. We arrived on a beautiful Sunday holiday weekend evening and took a seat on the much revered patio, seeing no host person in sight. We soon saw the server cleaning up the table next to us, but were ignored; we still waited a good five minutes for him to greet us (there we four parties on the patio) in case he was busy. Well, eventually we have up and my husband ordered at the bar. A newly arrived couple next to us apparently experienced the same confusion, as they asked my husband for a menu when he returned with our drinks, having mistaken my husband for a server.  The patio itself was drab, with unlit candles on the tables, and an enclosed wood fence on either side. The only redeeming quality was that you could hear the band from inside, who was quite good.  I ordered the Grand Margarita, which tasted watered down, and lacked any salt on the rim or lime on the side, which I would expect to be standard for a 12 dollar authentic margarita. The night continued to head downhill, as the couple next to us started smoking like it was the last day on earth, as well as the couple behind us, as well as the wait staff lining the walls and smoking on their break. As one might predict, the air soon became unbreathable in this small mostly enclosed space. We booked it outta there once we couldn't hold in the cough any longer.... My lungs may never forgive me. I really wanted to like this place based on many local recommendations, but after this disaster of an experience, how could I?
This shop is a true gem. I had a cup of the New Orleans pecan praline ice cream after trying multiple flavors. It was hard to decide! All were so creamy and decadent, not even a tad of iciness that you might expect with some of he less popular flavors at other retailers.  The crunchiness of the pralines scream freshness.  Their toppings are scant, but their ice cream needs no additions, 'it's perfect just the way it is.'The decor scream old fashioned ice cream shop and the staff share in the enthusiasm, excited to share the delicious treats with you, and even get your thoughts on some new sundae ideas.A definite must if you're an ice cream fan!
My husband and I came here on our way back to the states for a filling yummy meal and we were not disappointed! I had the Aristotle with carrot keftedes (like spicy carrot fastballs, so good!) and my  husband had the bean and sweet potato burger, then we split a poutine. The gravy on the poutine was peppery and savory, really good, doesn't even need the dairy free cheese! Service was fast and helpful, and the food was fresh and generous. So happy to see another vegan option in this forward thinking city!
NEVER EVER get the All-you-can-Eat. Hibachi plates are basically plates of panfried squash with a little meat that isn't even grilled. They give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi. It's like they are trying to stuff us full of rice and squash so we fill up quickly. Also, service was unfriendly.
SERVICE SIDE:  For any maintenence inquires, seek CHRIS FLORA attention!! He is extremely polite as well as knowledgeable! The staff all around is friendly and quick on their feet! We are from out of town and needed an oil change before headed back 4hrs away..we wouldn't even consider this pit stop a road block. Stinks we can't keep coming back! We sincerely appreciate the work ethic! California approved!
This steakhouse is absolutely wonderful! I honestly don't think there is anything bad on the menu. I had the beef short ribs, that melted in your mouth to perfection. I wish I could make those at home myself! The party I was with ordered steak options. I tried each and they were all amazing.Great place, clean restaurant, staff was lovely to our entire party (including a child) and the ambience made the whole experience that much better. I would come back but not for awhile! Expect to spend some $$
I am giving this restaurant a 3/5 stars because the service was not the greatest & the portions were much smaller than what I saw in the pictures.The server had almost too much to do at other tables and didn't really provide 4-5 star performance.The cleanliness and ambiance were nice. I would give a 3.5 but not possible. Food was good, just not enough!Also, be aware of the Yelp check in / free beer or wine. It's buy one get one & the restaurant charges full price if you don't get the second glass. My mistake for not reading the fine print but it was so small I didn't notice.
I think this burger bar is definitely as good as it gets! There is lots of room so parties do not have to wait for a long time. The burgers, fries and shakes are truly the best Vegas has to offer.I will keep this review short and sweet, if you are in town and want a great burger, fries and drink - this is the best place you are going to find!Service was great, clean restaurant and great ambiance!
I am a new SPG member and this was my first experience using SPG and staying at the Four Points in Las Vegas. I have to say this was a very pleasant experience. I am not looking to stay at the fanciest of places and also not looking to stay at Motel 6. I think you would find that Four Points is close to 4 stars with a very reasonable cost.I like the location of this hotel because it is off the strip but not too far, you don't have to deal with long lines to park or long lines to check in / check out. The staff is very friendly and the hotel is kept clean. There is no hidden "resort fee" either which for vegas is important to me.Now with lyft / uber active in Las Vegas - your fare is somewhere around $6/7 to the strip and even at surge pricing it is only $10 or $11 depending on if you tip.I really enjoyed my stay and would stay at Four Points in Vegas again.
I wanted to find a nice / affordable breakfast spot close to my hotel this year in Vegas.The diner did not disappoint. Service was great, restaurant was spotless and the food was incredible. I would call this hidden gem in Vegas!!Will be coming back on my next visit for sure.
I really don't think this restaurant deserves more than 2 or 3 stars. This past weekend I went to Mon Ami with friends and their son. I have to say, going to a restaurant such as Mon Ami really shows the cracks in the foodservice industry.1 - They were not happy the parents requested a table outside and tried to push them to the back but the mom insisted on sitting at a table where there was light. This meant we had to wait which was fine but the attitudes were not needed from the hostesses.2 - The mom had a stroller with her and as she was trying to park it somewhere, some servers and bartenders were rolling their eyes and laughing at our party. Again, this sort of behavior is not needed and I will not be coming back.3 - I already talked about the hostess "helping us" and I thought our server was good at first but after the food came and we all ate, we were waiting for about 20-30 minutes just to ask for the check and another 10 for them to take the card for payment.This restaurant is good for adults - don't bring your kids as the attitude from staff will make you want to leave.Beware - Even if your party is parking - they will only seat you if the entire party is there. ** Breakfast stops at 11 and there are 2 actual options on the brunch menu which is served all day.All in all - I think most families / big parties that want brunch should go elsewhere in Vegas.
I went here over the past weekend looking to try something a bit different.The rigatoni and bolognese dish was very good and the sauce was delicious, much better than the stuff I make at home.Unfortunately the chicken parmigiana meal was not as good. The chicken was a bit rubbery and the meal itself was not very large in comparison to the other meal we ordered.I may or may not go back
I ordered from here when I first moved to Phoenix and the food was delicious!! I got the house lo mein and their pot stickers. The delivery wait time wasn't long at all. I will definitely be ordering from them again!
I think other reviewers are being a little too picky for a mall nail salon! They were fast and attentive! I would totally go back again. If you are just looking to get a mani/pedi or basic waxing this is your place
I got some sushi for take out and I was impressed! I've been to another popular sushi restaurant in town and I was not a fan. I'm so glad I found this place. The spicy tuna poppers are so good! I got the spicy tuna and hamachi hand roll as well. I will order the orange blossom roll again. It looked like a fun atmosphere inside as well! I will definitely be back for happy hour.
Holy crap is this food amazing  the staff is so friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is cute too. Next time I'm in Vegas I will def be back
I love this place! I'm new to the area and being an eagles fan I have to go out for most of the games! I'm so glad I discovered this place! Everyone is super friendly and the drinks and food are great! Perfect little sports bar! This will be my little sports home for the time that I am here. Only con (not a problem for me) is it's cash only
Went here for an emergency food stop to put a much needed chocolate shake intermission on a night of drinking. The only problem, I didn't order a big enough sized shake!The shake and burger were delicioso and probably part of the reason I feel slightly less terrible this morning. What a burger!
Ok, yes I am a hotel snob...and I love this hotel.  The rooms are big and bathrooms are big in the rooms, you do not have to walk through a smokey casino to get to your room.  The reception area is beautiful, and the 11 acre tropical resort outside is the best!  When I stay here I really don't need to leave for great food or a great spa; everything is here!
Great drinks!  We had Elderflower martinis - they were yummy!  The food was great too.  As always Vegas was a little pricey.
I give this place 4 stars for the food and two stars for location, maybe even one!  You can get a taxi to get there, but it's almost a miracle to get one to come back and get you.  The food is great.  Authentic cuban food.  I have been here 3 times and each time the food was wonderful.  Everyone in our group, no matter what they ordered, was happy with their food.  It may be the only great deal in Vegas.
This is my favorite spa so far in Vegas.  It has a great area to hang out with friends in the hot tubs.  I like the cold plunge too. Not too many of the spas have a large tub area that you can chat and hang out at.  They supply fruit, muffins, juices, tea and coffee through out the day.  We usualy skip breakfast and snack at the spa before treatments.Yes, treatmenst are expensive, but if you get one a day, it gives you access to the spa all day and the gym for free.  Christine, I think is the best masage therapist there.
I have been very unhappy with this companies online business practices.  I have had an American's Greeting membership thru Yahoo for a few years.  I have attempted to cancel that membership over the that couple months.  Problems:1. There is NO way to cancel your membership on the website.2. There is NO way to cancel your membership thru email.3. The phone number you have to call is horrible.  I was on hold 3x all with hold times between 20 and 45 minutes.  The system then hung up on me 2 times on top of that!4. When I got a person on the phone she cancelled my membership as of TODAY and said I would be getting a confirmation.  The email that showed up 5 minutes after she hung up said I was renewed for another year THEN it would be cancelling.  The is some of the shadiest business practices of a reputatble compnay that I have ever seen!
We were hungry, not sure what we wanted with 2 kids in a casino.  We ended up at Le Burger.  Food was great, over priced, but this is Vegas and everything is over priced on the strip, so their prices were no more so than everywhere else.  We have a very good waiter and were attended to regularly.  The burger was excellent!  Could not have been better.  The chicken Caesar salads were excellent too!
Best in the market, I highly recommend this place. 5 STARS!I have been going to these guys for years and they are great. They do an absolute fantastic job, very low prices and A+ customer service.Dominic, Tony and of course Cosimo are the best in the industry. I love listening to how Tony and Cosimo have been cutting hair for so many years and they still have so much respect for each other and their customers... Dominic is the handsome young man who never stops smiling.This place also does a great job with ladies hair as well.. Ana is one our favorite and she is so talented and proficient at her job.The salon is spotless clean with beautiful hardwood floors, open concept and very accessible by transit and car. Plenty of free and paid street parking around too.Highly recommend Cosimo's Hairstyling for all your special occasions too :)
Criminals - Do Not Use After placing a $60 order of flowers, they were not delivered. Called their customer services and was told they cannot help and there were no refunds.This company is a scam, do not use. Will be reporting them to my credit card company and Better Business Bureau. AVOID THIS COMPANY!!!!!
This place is a hole in the wall and a fast food place. The service is quick, food is cheap but I question the sanitary aspect of it. There is a sign outside of the restaurant posted by Ontario Ministry of Health giving it only a "Conditional Pass" during their last inspection due to health hazards.  This is indicative of a dirty restaurant and you can possibly get sick eating the food here.I recently went there and ignored the failed inspection notice. I got some "Koobideh Kebob" to go and when I got home, there was a big surprise waiting for me in my food: A Long Black Hair right in my salad. The meat was also under cooked and raw in the middle. I threw the food away and will never eat here again.The only reason why I think people are giving this place high rating is because of the price. The price is a couple of bucks cheaper than your average take out place (for kebobs), but it comes at a cost: Getting Sick, dirty food, bad service and no parking. I will never eat here again.
This is the best breakfast in the city. Great food, super nice staff and plenty of (pay) street parking. Highly recommended. Great job guys. Can't wait till we come back Again.Try their eggs bennies with smoked salmon. Yum. Their house pancakes is the best in the city.
Jim is the Rand McNally of today's travel.  Instead of trusting online forums, I found Jim's knowledge of cruise ships and travel destinations way above average.   I would recommend him to anyone.  Plus, he knows the industry.
My two cabinets and couch that are vintage were ruined in storage.  This was made evident when the movers returned my office furniture.  The movers showed me the damage before it was moved from their storage pod.  Then, they offer me $90.00 to settle the matter and had an erroneous contract to try and minimize my claim.  I informed them that the furniture they damaged was vintage and literally irreplaceable.  I will never use them again and considering how I was treated after they made mistake after mistake, would never recommend them to anyone.
Walter was excellent. He was quick to arrive at my house when I had toilet leakage. His equipment was amazing. He had a camera that he used to scope where the leak was coming from and it's great. Definitely no wasted time trying to figure out what's wrong. He was friendly and very professional. Everything you heard about Discount Drain Cleaning is 100% legit.
Food is blah, but atmosphere is stellar. Just stick with coffee and you'll be happy!
Greasewood Flat is Americana, cowboys, and peacefullness. Greasewood makes you think that this is what Arizona was meant to be... not pavement and Scottsdale. The burgers are juicy, but it's really the band, the firepits and the people that make this a true Arizona icon. I took my parents here while they were in town from Washington and it was BY FAR the highlight of their trip. I am just bummed that I am moving in two months and I just NOW discovered it.
I typically like to stay away from chain restaurants, but the mister and I were looking for a cheap place and served good food. He suggested Charleston's and I thought "Hmmm... it looks like Denny's from the outside."As soon as we got inside I really liked the interior. It has a nice ambiance... as my friend Peter once said, "It's where I like to go when I want to feel fancy for a cheap price."We had the Honey Burger I think its called and the prime rib au jus sandwich. Both were beyond my expectations. The great surprise was the baked beans that I ordered with my prime rib sandwich! YUMMERS! The burger was one of the best I have had and the sauce with it is just spicy enough to be flavorful, but not overpowering... I am not a big SPICE fan.The one downside was that my boyfriend's fries were cold with his burger, but they instantly brought us new, hot, fresh ones.
I loved this place... it was moderately priced, very cute and perfect for a place to crash after a night of drinking in Scottsdale for my birthday. We were able to walk back to a very well lit hotel that was adorable and comfortable. The use of Aveda products was a plus and the bath robe (the most important part) was extremely comfortable. The staff pleasant and check-in/check-out was quick and easy. I would definitely stay there again.
Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good.
The sandwiches are great... yes the menu is overwhelming, but pick your meat and go from there... this is a favorite lunchtime spot for me and the BF.
My boyfriend told me that the sushi we had was the best he has ever had there and that we must have hit it on an ON night. We had the avocado suhsi and that INCREDIBLE... the california rolls were just so so. The people there were the most ridiculous part and made me feel as though we should have been heading to a frat party after our "date".
Best pizza I have ever had. The pepperoni, tomato and olive is incredible. LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!
Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good. Taking my parents here in two weeks and my mouth is salivating already.
Oh me, oh my. What great food. The salads were a little lame, but my friend and I got the pizza that was supposed to have corn. We ended up nixing the corn and going with pepperoni. The goat cheese on it was fantastic. Great spot.
Well, the food is absolutely incredible, but the 165$ pricetag for dinner for two was a LITTLE much. The wine we had was great and we both got the surf and turf... with filet mignon of course. I would definately go there again... when I save up some money... Not a place for teachers to go. :)
On nights when we have no idea what to eat, Abacus Inn is a go-to. The service is wonderful, and the food is fantastic. The BBQ pork is great as is the orange chicken, mongolian beef, and the special chicken. The sauce they serve with the special chicken is amazing... i wish they sold it by the bottle. :) Price is mediocre... we usually spend about $30 and get 2 mains, rice, and BBQ beef.
If you are a pizza freak... this is the place. The wait is always long I am sure, but the drive and the wait are worth it. The crust has a sweet tinge to it and the "super 6" is definitely the way to go... although, I saw the garlic bread and it looked good too.
Best donuts in South Phoenix. It is the one thing that makes working over there totally worth it. The maple bar is fantastic.
Portions could be bigger and coffee is expensive. Pluses are that the pancakes my dad had are comparable to Matt's Big Breakfast and you don't have to wait for 2 hours for them. The outside seating is adorable and the homestyle fries are good. My mom hit the nail on the head though with this sandwhichy eggy thing with avocado. The bread and everything else about it was delic. I am excited for them to refine their menu a little bit and then this will become an Ahwatukee gem! We need more of them!!!!
When I want to go out and eat the first thing that comes to my mind is food safety. There is no other name that you can trust like Wolfgang Puck. So during my stay at the MGM Grand we just had to try his restaurant on the casino floor. The food was so delicious like always, everything tasted so fresh like it was just coming from the farm directly to our table. My wife loves the chicken wings appetizer and there is no other like the one we enjoyed here. I ordered the spicy tuna tartare and it paired amazingly with a glass of off-dry German Riesling. For main course we had the Jidori Chicken (the best chicken ever, in Japan they eat it sashimi style because it is so natural and organic and safe) and the Porcini crusted Scottish Salmon served with peas and smokey pork belly was also  phenomenal!My wife had a refreshing pomegranate margarita and she loved it. For dessert we enjoyed a really good creme brle, nice crust and very good texture with a nice balance of sweetness. They make very good cappuccinos here too. Our server Kyra was very attentive and friendly without being too disruptive of our meal. She made us feel right at home. We will certainly be back!
Long wait for the table. Very slow service. We waited approximately 10 minutes to be greeted. I expected more from a restaurant that is open for 30 years. They featured a 4 course meal for $30.30 in celebration of their 30th anniversary but the menu was a big disappointment. Appetizers were good. The mini baguette was very good. The intermediate course, a house salad was the most rustic and an item that should not be in a fine dining restaurant, mixed greens tossed in an over acidic balsamic vinaigrette. The Lasagna was mediocre, you can even see the comparison with other pictures on Yelp, they hold the garnish to save some pennies. The dessert was nothing special, a small piece of tiramisu and a hard to eat cannoli. The wine list is super over priced. I was looking for a good value Barbera or Langhe Nebbiolo for about $50 dollars but it was a mission impossible. They have the most expensive Italian wine list I've ever seen. If you can afford Gaja and Masseto this might be your place.I am sure there are a lot of great Italian restaurants in the Las Vegas Strip to try. The owner is famous for his hospitality, however we sat in the waiting area for 50 minutes waiting for our table with our baby and he never came by even to say hi. I guess he only shows his hospitality to the rich regular guest who patronize his establishment.
We had a wonderful dinner here the other night. The service is very efficient and friendly and the food is amazing. We ordered some appetizers and they were delicious, but the star of the evening was the fish, I ordered the Idaho Trout and my wife the Sea Bass, they were phenomenal, very well prepared and so delicious that I could have ordered another one for myself. The sauce was super tasty and added more flavor to the fish. And we also loved the sides, broccolini, caramelized corn and the Fava beans was really good. My wife loves the cheesecake here. We can't wait to go back. This is the best restaurant off the strip in Las Vegas. And we really like that it is a celebrity chef restaurant that we can afford to go to. Wonderful experience!
Dr. Taylor is the one and only chiropractor that I personally recommend to everybody I know. He is extremely good and what he does and honestly cares about his clients. My back was so bad that I could barely walk, a couple weeks after seeing Dr. Taylor I was up and walking. He is the best chiropractor I have ever been too.
No longer uses Sprig. That was a great app i used to use to transfer between shared branches. Now everytime i want to transfer, u have to call, verify, wait forever on hold, verify again, wait.... The main reason i joined was for Sprig. Dvcu is moving farther from whats good for their members to what is profitable.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
Decided to try this place out based on a recommendation from my roommate. We went for food week so were presented with a three course menu and wine pairings for a good price. The gumbo starter was good but not amazing. The second course was a salmon in white wine sauce and the salmon absolutely perfect. It was a very generous piece of fish and somehow it was perfectly cooked all the way through. The third course was a key lime pie and was a nice finish to a delicious meal. The atmosphere was excellent and the wait staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. I will definitely be bringing family here when they come to visit.
Curry is very good. Usually go with smaller groups and they are very prompt. The lunch menu is a great deal (soup, entre, and a cold tea) for $10. I went recently for a work lunch however and it was very disorganized. There were 10 of us and 4 of my co-workers got dishes placed in front of them and then taken away and switched with others on the table multiple times. There was also about a 15 minute wait between when the first plate went down and the last plate was put down. Luckily we all waited for plates to be put down or multiple people would have ended up either waiting longer or with half eaten meals. Main take away... great place for a good priced Thai food with a friend, not such a good place for large groups.
This gem is situated in the middle of multiple apartment complexes ,and always has a steady crowed. On Tuesday nights the bar has a good trivia night for locals and people new to Charlotte. The host knows most of the teams and everyone is willing to except a new team mate or two if people just stumble upon the event. For regulars, the bartenders get to know you pretty fast and it gives the bar a small town feel in a big city. The food is delicious and reasonably priced, if your looking for a quick bite to eat. Hands down my favorite pub in charlotte on a week night.
Restaurant: Very expensive. Food mediocre and overall experience a disappointment!.
Used the USAA Car Buying Program to locate a vehicle and it was at Auto Action.  The guys there were FANTASTIC!  Honest, straight forward and we left with a safe and reliable vehicle for my teenage daughter.  Would DEFINITELY recommend them to anyone looking for a used car.
By far my favorite restaurant ever!! I have known Juan for a very long time and he always takes care of my family and I! All the staff is very friendly and professional. Anything you eat is amazing and taste very good! I always recommend Juan's to everyone!!
My son has been going there for four years and I'm extremely happy and content with the love and care that he gets from his teachers and the the ladies up front. The curriculum is amazing and it challenges my son and that is exactly what I'm looking for!! I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
Great service , friendly staff. Paige is awesome . I became a loyal customer right off the bat. My appointments are always on time. I would highly recommend Wax in the city to anyone.
After spending $40 on a car wash, the two guys at the end spent so much time chit chatting it took them another 45 minutes to dry my truck. When they saw me speaking to the supervisor , one threw a rag at my truck as I was pulling out. I pulled over and came back. Thats when I noticed my sun glasses and case were stolen. ($200). When I spoke to the Supervisor AND MANAGER, they seemed very dis interested and didn't bother to take any of my personal information down. NEVER GOING BACK.
I have to say the sales people at the store were very nice, but that where anything good about this experience and company ends. As soon as you walk out the door and they have your money they are done with you. Please do yourself a favor and buy furniture ANYWHERE but here!
We have been here 2 times since they opened! Great food & service, we plan on many more trips.
I visited this bakery TWICE and did order 8 dozen "baseball" cupcakes for a birthday party for two great nephews.  I provided a picture of what I wanted per this bakery's request.  When I arrived to get the 8 dozen cupcakes, I was VERY UPSET to see that not only did they look nothing like the picture I had provided, but they also had two DIFFERENT SHADES OF RED FOR THE LACES.  Per the person in the bakery at the time, "well, we could re-ice them, but that would take 1-1/2 hour."  I don't think they pay attention to what the customer asks for.  In other words, if they don't already make something, I don't think they can create what you really want.
The pizza and other orders are "just okay".  And that's when they actually get the order correct.  We have ordered MULTIPLE times from Lorenzo's.  Put simply, it's a crap shoot.  Orders are FREQUENTLY incorrect and late.  When questioned about this, the owner is RUDE AND INCONSIDERATE.  We will NEVER order from Lorenzo's again as there are MANY OTHER, BETTER pizza places in Peters Township that provide much better service without Lorenzo's rudeness.
We have ordered so many times from MM MM pizza.  The food is good and the service is usually good...until tonight.  Apparently, the person taking my order neglected to write down my phone number.  Consequently, I did not receive any order.  When I called to inquire regarding same, I asked for a manager.  "Ryan" (manager???)  hung up on me.  Fortunately, I called back and spoke with Dale who delivered an order to me at no charge.  My advice, if "Ryan" is working...don't order!  As we feel no business should tolerate "Ryan's" behavior, we rate 1 star.
Great selection, if you know what you need and are willing to do a bit of searching; don't expect any offers of help. When you adventure for those few specialty fasteners finally comes to an end, you better have cash on hand because they will not accept your card for less than $5. Overall a great place for those hard to find, specialty hardware, that the box box stores don't cary. Just enter prepared.
Fausto's is a great place for Mexican food at a decent price. They a pretty quick at getting it ready, which is good because the place is fairly small and there is not much room to wait around. In the peak hours, expect to stand in a corner or possibly share a table where others may be waiting for to go orders. Other than that, it is worth the small inconvenience.
O.K. Tires is my go to place to get a tire, patch, or even swap out tires that I already have. They have good prices and are just all around nice guys. They are honest and will even just give you advise, if you are unsure of what to do. It's also nice to support small, local businesses. I will continue coming here and will always recommend this shop to anyone who is in need.
Very good place to eat. I love traditional diners and this place definitely fits in. Great, quality food, generous portions, awesome servers, and oldies music. A waitress even stopped by to say hello, we were not in her section but she remembered us from the time before. I would definitely recommend this place. This place may be part of a chain, but definitely has that family feel to it.
Met expectations. The food was good. Service was ok. I wasn't wowed or extremely impressed above my own pre conceived idea of what it would be.
Great food. Attention to design and detail was incredible on the entire meal and serving wares. Not disappointed at all.
Worse food quality . I ordered through uber eats app oxtail and guess what they saved me with 3 piece of tiny oxtail meat with 1 plantin slice
t was almost closing time on wednesday when i called & asked them if it was possible to wait for me since i just picked up my rental car & on my way to their shop. Without any hesitation Stefanovic  told me they're going to wait for me. I was very happy!  The moment i got in,  the couple were very welcoming.  I first showed them the black silk top & wanted it altered since it was a bit loose. Secondly,  i asked them if they could copy my black top.  Stefanovic wife dovbrina promised she's going to copy it exactly the same.  I was a bit worried though to be honest.  I needed these tops friday night. Stefanovic called me friday before lunch  that both are ready for pick up. Dobrina managed to finish it in just 36hrs..  The minute she handed it to me i knew they were done perfectly!  i tried it on & i was right it was PERFECT.  It's MAGIC!!  Very PROFESSIONAL!!  I can't tell the difference betweeen the two. It looks like i bought the other top from the store where i got the black top from.. VERY HAPPY!!!  She hugged me & said she is very happy to see me very happy.   This is the second alteration shop i have been to in vegas & i can say the best alteration shop ever!!   If i could give 6 star or more i would. I couldn't be more happier!! BTW, i found this shop thru google.. i always read reviews & all reviews here are very real. Thank you so much Master Tailor Stefanovic!!I definitely recommend MTS to others!
Very professional staff,  helpful since it was our first time buying legal weed. Wide variety of choices, almost overwhelming if not for the knowledgeable budtenders around. Gpod experience..
Very professional staff,  helpful since it was our first time buying legal weed. Wide variety of choices, almost overwhelming if not for the knowledgeable budtenders around. Gpod experience..
This is a very quaint setting in a a converted old house. It is a very enjoyable environment for a bottle of wine with ambience and candlelight. Unfortunately,  that is the end of the positive remarks. They are employing very young and pleasant servers who unfortunately lack any serving polish. They were polite but green. What's more is that the culinary talent in this kitchen is seriously underwhelming. Do not order any soup. It is laughably bad. Think instant pack with hot water added for $9. Neither soup was even edible without the (lengthy effort for a) request for salt. The entrees were lackluster and would not bring us back anytime soon. We do have a depth of Italian dining experience and to say this is worthy of a return would be most disingenuous. Nice setting but most disappointing. Unfortunately the kitchen needs to try much harder.
We made the mistake of hiring The Gardener for lawn care, general landscaping and snow removal services.  This has not been a pleasant experience.  Where to start?  First, when winter came, no one was coming to remove snow. We had to get in touch with them and they eventually sorted it and we started to get snow removal service - some of the time.  There were days when we had a snow and ice covered driveway and no sign of our paid for services.  We travel a great deal so we depend on them to show up and take care of these services as we aren't home to see what they haven't done and to call and chase after them.  Renewal of services with The Gardener is a royal pain.  They want you to do a bunch of paperwork all over again rather than just renew.  When we asked them to renew - they assumed we wanted a fertilizer service that we did not ask for and carried it out and billed us for it.  The moment we saw this on our bill we got in touch to enquire and advise them that we hadn't authorized this service.  This became a fight that eventually resulted in a settlement to agree to a lesser amount and that they would take it from automatic payments from our account.  Did they do this?  Well, they took the settled amount and then sent the remainder (that we weren't supposed to pay) to a collection agency to tarnish our credit rating.  We strongly recommend against doing business with The Gardener.  It is not a pleasant experience.
Terrible terrible service. They get a basic order completely wrong and then argue with you when you call to correct it.   At this business,  the customer is not right....
I chose My Ninja Movers because of the excellent reviews here on Yelp.  Considering all of the very negative experiences people can have with movers, I knew that hundreds of fellow YELP folks wouldn't steer me wrong.  What a great decision that was.  These guys do as they promise, with a great attitude and a smile, never a gripe, a grimace or a pushback.  They operated quickly and damage-free.  This was an excellent moving experience.  Wow, did I just say "excellent moving experience"?  Yes.  I highly recommend these guys.
Very subpar food. Service was great, drinks were good and the cornbread was amazing but our entrees were ok at best.
Very light, fresh and yummy food!We had the watermelon salad, the corn ravioli, sweet potato hash and sundried tomato pizza. Everything was delicious!! The drinks were great too- both the cucumber and Ginger. I wish they had their restaurant in Boston too!!!I was impressed with their vegetarian options!
Always an absolute delight coming here. The garlic steak and bacon wrapped filet is a must have. Glad they got back the Guarana an absolute must try. And something about the bacon at the salad bar is just so good.  Wanna give a shout out to Lou and Christopher for being awesome waiters really made the experience that much better.
I love this place randomly discovered it on the way home. I've had the burrito , Carne Asada fries, tacos, torta, Sonoran dog, and pia loca. This place has the best Carne Asada fries in phoenix the only thing I really don't like here is the tacos not much flavor. But I love everything else highly recommend.
The barista is like the friendliest guy in the world. Smoothie was absolutely delicious and I usually don't like iced coffee but this guy makes it right! I love this place.
This restaurant was absolutely awesome. The friendly staff/service was great and the food was delicious. I had the Carne Burrito and it was very authentic Mexican dish. The guacamole tasted excellent and fresh with the chips as well. In the end, the chief/owner introduced himself and checked in on us. Real stand up guy. I would definitely recommend this place for your restaurant bucket list in southern Germany. Cheers!
Over 2 hours for 1 piece of cheese cake, 1 piece of chocolate cake, and 1 can of orange soda.  The wait is normally long but I normally order around dinner time but for stuff they don't even have to cook that is just plain lazy.  That and the guy at the restaurant with an I don't care about it attitude makes this the last time I will ever order from here.  Don't ever order from here.
Words cannot describe how gross and depressing this location is. The inside is very dirty and messy behind the counter. If you go in the mornings it is impossible to get timely service and the staff is not presentable at all. The worst was this week when I went through the drive-thru and there was GIGANTIC cockroach crawling all over the window. An employee had to use a spray bottle to scare it away and it crawled back inside the building through a hole in the building wall. I lost my appetite completely and will never be returning.
Our 15 year old leather sofa incl. 2 matching chairs were showing their age. Fred and his team recommended that it needs refurbishing. The work was done in a very short time which fitted our schedule in the summer of 2014.As it turned out we had some minor defects, partly due to age, I called one day before Christmas 2014, Fred responded immediately and promised to come before New Years Day. Again he came timely and the work was finished January 2, 2015 at no charge.Tony the technician who did most of the work at our home was extremely polite, careful and a pleasure to work with.We can highly recommend this company.
We have come twice for happy hour. Great sushi and prices every time! We will be back.. probably every week for date night
Cactus Foot & Ankle overcharged me on my copay and refuses to send me a refund.  I paid their copay 3 times for 3 separate visits (one of which was a follow up,) and I even questioned it when I was in the office.  My insurance company confirms that I overpaid.  I've been calling their office since January, getting the run-around, told to wait a few weeks, call back, call their 3rd party billing lady.  I was even told by their billing person that she would send a refund check; that was 2 months ago.  Just called the office again and they are not giving me a refund.
Chanel did the hair for myself and my bridal party recently and I could not have been happier! It was a long and hectic day but Chanel made sure to keep on the timeline and got all 9 of us ready while working around the makeup artist. I have really thin hair that never holds a curl but was pleasantly surprised when looking back at pictures that I was still perfectly styled at 2am! Thank you Chanel for your professionalism and company on the best day of my life!
I was SO excited to check out Hot Head Burritos. I noticed the sign the last time I went on a Target run and just had to bookmark this place for later. Can I start off this review by saying that I love Mexican food. I also love burritos. Not to mention, I am a huge fan of Chipotle (or at least I was, I'll admit I haven't been since its been in the news). So, it makes me sad that I left Hot Heads completely disappointed. During my visit to Hot Head there were only two other groups there. I walked to the front, looked at the menu and realized that this place was similar to Chipotle-- sweet! I was pretty excited to get my bowl on! As I stand there ready to order, I realize that there is no one there to help me! I hear some talking in the kitchen. This tall guy looks over and sees me, and then looks away. Um, okay. So, I stand there patiently. Finally after like 10 minutes, a girl comes from the other way and tells me that she will be right back. At this point, my friend wanted to leave. I would have just agreed but I had hope this place would be amazeballs. She finally comes back and takes our order. Just like Chipotle, I go down the counter and I pick all the things I want on my bowl. She gave me decent sized portions, but that may just be the guilt because she knew that I waited for so long. The moment of truth: the food kind of sucked. Okay, it sucked a lot. Between the bowl, the burrito and the nachos that we ordered-- none of it was REALLY good. Nothing special. Which makes it even worst was that this was my cheat meal for the week. Maybe that just added fuel to the fire of disappointment. Even though their little flame logo and their decor is pretty darn cute, I will not be going back to Hot Head any time soon.
During the week, I rarely have time to do the whole cooking thing (so bad, I know!) so I usually rely on picking something up. I remember seeing a pizza joint in this shopping center, so I decided to give it a whirl. I usually check the Yelp ratings, but decided to just be adventurous since it's a national chain afterall. Marco's Pizza is small and it is only for pick up orders. I ordered a large, specialty pizza for $19. This large pizza was pretty much a medium pizza with 8 slices. It was small for a large pizza. The specialty pizza was called "Chicken Fresco" and it had bacon, chicken, tomatoes and onions on top. Since I ordered the pizza there, I waited for about 20 minutes for the pizza to be ready, which is not too bad. The pizza smelled great in the car ride home, but the actual taste of the pizza was not anything to get excited about. The best part of the pizza was that it was super saucy (oh yeah!). For a $20 medium sized "large" pizza, I was rather disappointed-- they didnt have any special pick up offers or anything. I don't think that I will be back anytime soon, especially when there are so many other pizza choices in the area.
after finding this place on my handy dandy yelp application on my iphone-- i had to find my way to this place! mm i definitely have a sweet tooth and this place definitely hits the spot! the guy that worked there was really chill with giving me some samples so that i can figure out what i was in the mood for. i got vanilla custard with kit kat mix ins :] so tasty! i definitely wish that i lived closer to this place-- i mean, i live in orange county, CA and there is no place out here that compare to nielsens :[ i wonder if they deliver? just kidding-- but hey a girl can wish.
WOOO free tram ride :]i would like to think that this was made especially made for girls like me who are limping by the end of the night because we wear "really cute shoes" that hurt like hell.thank you mandalay bay-excalibur tram! you make that morning walk back to the hotel manageable. lifesaver!
It's that time of the year again-- car registration renewal!The minute I see that little postcard telling me that I need to get a smog check and spend my day at the DMV, just ruins my day. Ugh.It just so happened that in the same stack of mail, I also saw a mailer for Express Smog. The special rate was $16.99 versus the original price of $19.99. I decided to wake up early on Saturday. Well after a relaxing breakfast and doing some laundry, getting an early start at the smog place turned into noon. Doh! I was stressing out that I was going to run out of time and not make it to the DMV by the end of the day. I arrived at Express Smog (located in front of Qdoba in the Walmart shopping center) and saw a line about three cars deep. I waited patiently in the AC of my car until they were ready for me to pull up. They took my DMV paperwork and my coupon. My car was done in under 10 minutes! Afterwards, he handed me the paperwork and I was on my way. The guy working there overheard that I was heading over to the DMV to get my tags and said that he could do the registration for me for $10. I started thinking about how difficult it is to find parking at the Stephanie DMV and decided to just do it here for $10 to save my sanity. Literally two minutes later, he gave me all of my receipts and told me that my sticker should be in the mail. Yay! I usually stand in line waiting at AAA for my registration longer than I did here at Express Smog.Adulting can be difficult, especially if that means waking up and doing something responsible on a Saturday morning but Express Smog makes it so easy! That yearly smog test and my car registration renewal in less than 20 minutes-- sweet deal! Thanks Express Smog, I will see you guys next year!
Living in the desert means that your car will be dusty and dirty majority of the time. It seems like I am always in a need for a car wash, but I don't like the idea of dropping $25 dollars on a fancy hand wash. Once in a while, I don't mind spoiling my car with a rainbow wax but sometimes you just need to see out your front window and a $6 carwash will definitely do the trick.FREE vacuum! You can use the vacuum before or after your wash. The vacuums are powerful, it can even pick up that pesky french fry that has been lost in between your seat and your center console for months. With that said, it will also pick up all your loose change or any expensive jewelry. Be careful!FREE bug wash station! ...because we need that here in the desert. They offer different levels of car washes. The cheapest is $6. They accept cash and card.You pay at a machine before you enter the carwash & there is always an attendant around who can help with the machine if you have any issues. I dropped my card once and the attendant came to grab it before I even had a chance to get out of my car. They are so nice here!I work in the area and found that the unlimited, monthly pass to be one of the best deals I've found.
while cruising the strip-- jason and i decided to stop by for a drink. lo and behold, we leave with a gigantic fishbowl of alcohol in our hands :] it was massive for twenty bucks and the alcohol the bartender poured in was half of the fishbowl. yikes! good thing we were sharing that sucker.all in all, pretty good experience-- service was great, didnt have to wait long even though it was pretty crowded! i will definitely come back here on a later trip!
Every trip to Vegas is not complete without a gigantic yardstick of slushy, alcohol infused amazingness. There are a few locations that the bartender told me, but I also come to this one because it is near my hotel room since I usually stay at Mandalay Bay, The Hotel or The Four Seasons. One night when I could not decide what to drink the friendly bartender offered me samples of everything he had. My light weight self was already tipsy, so I cannot really tell you how each one was. I am a fan of the "call girlz" though-- that one is really tasty. For a dollar extra you can get an extra shot, or for a two dollars you can get top shelf shots. I would only suggest to get the extra shots if you are trying to get on that sort of level-- the extra shots killed me last time. This place is opened late and is very similar to Fat Tuesdays. I think Evening Call offers beers, but I am not too sure about what kind of beer. Either way, its Vegas-- no one remembers anything anyways!
China A Go Go is one of those to-go Chinese spots. Of course, you can eat there as well. When I'm in the mood for take out and want to catch up with Netflix, this is my jam.I have been to the other location on Lake Mead near Boulder Hwy and it was more of a sit down with a sushi bar. I just happened to stumble upon this location when I went grocery shopping at Smith's, which is in the same shopping center. I saw on the Yelp app that you can order your food ahead of time (I like that!) but since I was so close anyways I just decided to order in person. -Sesame beef: LOVE! It's been a while since I've had this dish where it was fried and crunchy. So far this is the only place in LV that does it the way I like it. No soggy beef, please.-General Tso's chicken: Always happy with General Tso, it's my safe dish at any Chinese restaurant. -Chow Fun: Flat noodles are my favorite! Ask them to make it spicy!The portions were typical of any take out Chinese place. Overall, I will be back again.
I know I am going to get some yelper heat for this one, but I was not all that impressed with Cugino's. I thought about it and it's probably because I don't have some emotional connection to the place. The food was good, but it wasn't like I had a cool college memory attached to my slice of pizza. Sometimes food tastes better when you eat it during a special time in your life-- I get it. But for me, it was just pizza. The food was good-- the quality is what really made this place stand out. Just walking through the door you can tell that this is a REAL Italian joint. The deli was stocked and they had a pretty extensive grocery section where you can buy all the Italian cookies and treats you've been looking for. Lasagna-- It was very homemade and the ingredients were fresh. You could tell that this was not a lasagna that came out of the freezer. My portion was a little on the wimpy side that night. Kind of looked like it was the last slice in the pan and they had to scrape the sides to fill out its lopsided shape. The lasagna came with a garden salad, again nothing fancy. Pep & sausage pizza-- Ordered a small aka a personal pan. It was very simple. The toppings were of good quality, but it wasn't all that impressive.Chicken wings-- Great flavor, but not something that I would order again. The wings were small and not really a meal (even though it was a meal and it came with fries). Would I come back? Yes. It was good enough to come back, but not a place that I could get excited about. I love to support local, small businesses so this place will always have my money over Pizza hut. Plus, I am very curious about those rice balls and the cannolis.
ME GUSTA ME GUSTA TACOS!Some people may point out that Me Gusta Tacos is not authentic Mexican food. This is true, but that it does not sway you from experiencing these deliciousness tacos. I ordered the 3 tacos for $10 deal. They have a great variety to choose from; a more traditional choice like carnitas to a fun, fusion choice like the Korean kalbi. I decided on the pork belly banh mi, the carne asada, and the kalbi. They were all delicious! It was a close race but I have to say that I enjoyed the banh mi the most-- what a mouth watering combination with those pickled veggies and the cilantro! UMF. I also had a bite of the California burrito ($9). Instead of usual fries you find in a cali burrito they use tots which is fine with me. The tacos and the burritos are served with non-GMO tortilla chips (oh hey, fancy now). When you dine in, you can go to the little fridge off to the side to pick up your own salsa bottles. There are three different kinds to make sure that everyone in your group is happy. Talking about things that make me happy-- they also serve breakfast all day long! I know I can't speak for everyone, but I can have a breakfast burrito ANY time of the day and my tummy will be happy! The next time I'll have to try the side order of corn. I love me some elote!They serve agua frescas ($4) here. During my visit they had pineapple, watermelon, hibiscus, and strawberry lemonade. Make sure you use that Yelp check in for a free agua fresca with your meal. Sofa, beer, and wine are also options on the menu. And you can't leave this place without trying a churro ($3)! They have cinnamon sugar, Bavarian cream, and caramel. These are filled churros. For the sake of trying something different, we went with the Bavarian cream and the caramel. My favorite of the two would have to be the Bavarian cream-- it was like a churro and a donut had a baby. The caramel one was alright, but it was a little too sweet for my liking.Also note that this place has great service! The guy that helped take our order was friendly and even offered us samples to help with that important decision making. The food came quickly and he even made a trip to our table to help clean up our table and throw away the trash. To end this review with a "I'll be back" would be an understatement. I'll be a weekly regular for sure!
BEST. TACOS. IN. VEGAS.Yes, THEE best! Just when I was convinced that the taco game sucked in Vegas, I found Tacos El Gordo and all my taco dreams came true.Some people might not know how the ordering here works, so here are some tips. First, you order and wait to pick up your food, then you pay at the cashier. Depending on the type of meat you want, you have to stand in that specific line. Once you have your food, you go to the cashier where you pay. The soda machine is on the opposite side of the cashier. Tables could be hard to find, so when you see an open table you better go grab it. This place is popular all times of the day, so don't wait for the crowds to die down or you will never get to eat. If you have multiple people in your group, have one person can stand in each line and then one person save a table. Now that's teamwork!-Al pastor is the fav here. It's not my usual taco order, but when I am here I get the Al Pastor. Make sure you get it with everything on it. Ask for pineapple, mmm! I ordered 2 tacos on corn tortillas. Also I am not usually a corn tortilla kind of gal, but from here.. Yes! -Carne asada was amazing as anticipated. I ordered tacos and the fries-- best decision I've made all week. Ask for peppers on the side. The carne asada fries reminded me of all my favorite spots back in SoCal. This place hits the spot.Protip-- ORANGE BANG. Unlimited refills of delicious orange bang. Reminds me of my childhood in LA! They also have horchata and tamarind. I can drink a kiddie pool full of orange bang. No shame in my orange bang game.
My first time to the Springs Preserve was on a field trip with 100 kids! How many people can write that on a yelp review? It was a lot to handle, but Springs Preserve made the whole experience worth all the planning and stress.At first, I was not sure what to expect from this place. I remember seeing the name Springs Preserve when I saw an ad for some beer event that I wanted to go to. When a colleague mentioned that this would be a great place for a field trip, I was a bit skeptic. Their website kind of makes this place look like a snoozefest-- a bunch of building that probably smell like an old library. I was not sure if the kids would really enjoy this place. Wow, was I wrong!This place is AMAZING! It's clean. It's organized. We checked out the Origen Museum which is home to different exhibits that rotate through. At the time, it was about the arctic tundra. The kids really enjoyed the flash flood exhibit! You stand there on this see through bridge and see the water rushing under your feet. There was also an outside portion of the museum that had desert animals. The fox and the tortoises were the most popular for my kiddos. There was a part with some spiders and other icky things, but I avoided that exhibit like it was on fire. Ok, next!The next big stop was the train-- and it was closed! Womp womp! So we moved onto the butterfly exhibit. I am not much a butterfly person, but I really enjoyed this area. For an exhibit that is not permanent, this was done beautifully. There was someone managing the amount of people inside, so there was a wait time of about 20 minutes. Not a big problem at all. Once inside, they don't really rush you out either. I like how they give you time to explore on your own. We had plenty of questions and the museum volunteers were so helpful! We were only there for a few hours, so it was back on the bus after lunch. However, the gift shop was well worth the look. I've been to many museums and zoos and I was very impressed with the prices! Many of my students brought $5 to buy something and I was very weary that they were going to be able to buy anything more than a pencil. However, the store had some reasonably priced items, like space goo or a pack of stretchy lizards. I appreciate that this store was family friendly, both in customer service and on the wallet.I cannot wait to come back here just to explore on my own and have lunch at the cafe. The food smelled delicious and it was really busy when we passed by. Maybe its the nerdy teacher side of me but this place was really fun! I can see why so many people with families come here for the day or buy a season pass. I will be checking their website for fun events in the future.
just imagine, youve just turned 21-- traveled all the way from california to las vegas & this was your first bar that you have ever stepped foot in. you look around at all of the russian art in the room, surrounded by a red communist glow as you sip your first legal drink--  that was my experience and i was sitting happy with my cantaloupe martini :] the drink was not the greatest, but it was pretty stiff for the small asian girl that i am. my second drink was a chernobyl. this drink was amazing! ill recommend it to anyone who likes to drink alcohol, but hates the taste. this drink goes down smooth, baby ;]and even though i was there for a good hour or so to start off my night-- i did not get a chance to try any of the food there. but its okay because i know that ill be back-- ive promised myself that i would one day be as cool as the people that i saw wearing their loaned fur coats as they stood inside the giant freezer, sipping on some vodka :]
when i went to this aquarium there was a pretty long line-- at least twenty or more people! but now that i think about it, the mandalay bay doesnt really have many things for kids or families to do like other resorts or casinos, so i guess that is why this attraction was so crowded. after we were in-- it was about a thirty minute walk through the aquarium until we have seen it all. maybe i was just walking really fast? i dont know but i think that the aquarium was just really small. cool fish and the tanks had some pretty interesting aquatic life-- no complaints, but i thought the price was kind of steep, but then again it IS vegas. definitely have to check this place out just ONCE while youre in vegas-- that is unless you have been to all the major aquariums in california, then there is a pretty big chance you wont be so impressed.
on our last vegas trip, my friend saw some dude carrying this gigantic novelty guitar filled with alcohol and decided that he HAD to have one.so a couple of weeks ago, we went to vegas for a concert and he finally got his guitar :] mind you this thing is HUGE! im talking like 80 oz of alcohol! its like the size of a guitar hero guitar! between the two of us, we finished like 2/3 of it til we finally called it quits! the drink itself was pretty weak, but who are we kidding, my friend just wanted the container.
Z is for zebra. No, really. This is a zebra themed boba cafe! Super cute decor-- I love everything from the fake grass on the ground to the giant zebra painted on the wall. This place is very instagram worthy. Now on to the important stuff... the drinks!I had the red bean milk tea. I never had a red bean drink before, so I have nothing to compare it to but I thought it was tasty. It was just the right amount of sweetness. There was a good amount of red bean at the bottom of the cup, too. Delish! The boba was sweet and chewy. I would definitely order this drink again. In my opinion, I thought that the prices were a little high but then again this place made better drinks than some of the other popular boba places in the area. There are two drink sizes. We ordered one large and one regular and it came out to about $10ish after you add boba. Not including tip for the tip jar.We came here around 8pm on a weekend night and this place was empty. The employees were helpful and brought out our drinks to our table, instead of just calling our names to pick it up. It is also very clean inside. Definitely a place you can hang out for a bit and enjoy your tea. I will be back!
In my search for the best boba spot in Las Vegas, I found myself at Lollicup. It's a franchise that has many locations in SoCal. This Lollicup is located in the middle of Town Square. It is in one of those little kiosks that are along the pathway near the kid's play area. Watermelon Slush-- AMAZING! The flavor was perfect, not artificial tasting at all which was suprising. I got a large size with boba and it hit the spot in 115 degree weather. Can't go wrong with watermelon anything!Milky Way-- It's a milk tea with caramel, pudding, and boba. It's sweet, but not overwhelmingly sweet. Not too sure if I would get this again.These two large drinks together was about $11. Which is a little pricey, but then again it is on Las Vegas Blvd. The only downfall is that parking at Town Square can be difficult to find on a weekend night.
Fake trees? Check.Indoor fire pit? Check.Mirror ceiling? Check.Neon lights? Check.Gigantic servings? Check.This place is fun! Open 24 hours a day like any cool Vegas landmark should, so you can stop by whenever you feel like eating traditional diner fare. I am a sucker for breakfast foods, so I always seem to go for the fruity french toast. However the last time I shared a philly cheesesteak (which was great by the way!) and the nachos. OMG those nachos are insane! They arrived at our table on huge plate, piled high! We ordered it with the ground beef. The cheese& bean dip, salsa, and sour cream arrive on the side. That thing you can share with 5+ people! Between the two of us, we didn't even make a dent. Our server boxed it all up for us and it still took two to-go containers! There is also a photographer that comes by to all the tables and offers you a complimentary picture. We passed on the picture, but next time I might have to prom pose with my gigantic stack of pancakes! *swoon* Even as a local, I enjoy the crazy decor and the food. I've been to the Peppermill twice now and both visits were consistently awesome! I look forward to my next meal dining under those fake trees.
I've never been to a renaissance festival before, so remember that as you read on-- I am not an expert at this sort of thing. Someone gave me free tickets for Friday and figured it would be fun to check it out. I'm glad I went, it was pretty fun!Parking-- Difficult to find, be prepared to drive around. We drove around the park and went in to about three or four full parking lots before we lucked out and found a space. Woo! I did read on their website that you can park at a nearby middle school and take a shuttle over. There were many cops patrolling the area, which was nice to see.Entrance-- Not sure if there were more than one entrance, but when we entered we had to exchange our free ticket vouchers at the ticket booth first. Then you stood in a line that was at least 75 people deep (this was on Friday at 7pm). The line moved fast and they didn't have a security bag check. Not really a big deal I guess since this is an event that sells gigantic swords and other weapons. Just get here early!Food-- Let's be real, this is the real reason I came. I wanted some roasted corn on the cob, a giant turkey leg, and a giant beer. I also looked forward to the festive fare like meat pies! The lines were crazy, but worth it. I think my favorite find of the night was a pig on a twig (pork chop on a stick) and Bison Brew (cream soda stout) which came in really cool glass bottle and offered refills throughout the night for a set price. Shopping-- There were a lot of vendors. You can buy a adorable bottle of dragon bubbles (necklace with a tiny bottle of bubbles) or some handmade elf ears. Also you can buy any sword of your dreams, even a light saber or a Minecraft sword. Fun!Entertainment-- I think we missed most of the entertainment for the night, but there was a band playing on one stage, kids jousting with foam swords, and even a guy with a big bird. Kinda cool.Overall, I had a good time. The food is always the highlight for me (obviously). It was well organized and it was fun seeing all the people dressed up. I counted at least 3 people dressed up as Link from Zelda-- it's like comic con, but not. I wouldn't mind coming back next year.
Miracle Mile Shops is great if you're on vacay and you just want to wander around as you go from one frozen margarita to another. Has a decent amount of stores to browse if you are taking a break from the slots or trying to walk off your buffet lunch. My favorite shops include H&M (currently under reconstruction, however there is a small section that is still open), Victoria's Secret & PINK, Lush, Urban Outfitters, and Garrett Popcorn (yum!).Before I made the move out here, I used to think shopping in Vegas was the BEST. Free valet parking and a bar around every corner, can it get any better? Flash forward to the whole "Vegas is going to start charging for parking" fiasco, it really has put a damper on my shopping trips on the strip. However yesterday, I decided to venture to the strip and check out what's new. Turns out the Miracle Mile valet was full (the valet guy asked me for a $10 tip up front to make the exception and I would have done it if I had cash!) so I self parked for free in the structure. Miracle Mile is great if you're on this side of the strip and want to do some shopping for things you couldn't fit in your suitcase. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit. Now that I live here, I don't have many options when it comes to shopping malls like I did back at home, so I do have to drop by once in a while to visit certain stores.
Saw this place in the food court and had to give it a go since it was the most legit place in the food court. Well, Chicken Now was like a rip off of Raising Canes! They even have a special sauce, that looks and tastes just like Canes. I ordered the chicken finger combo. It came with fries and a piece of texas toast on the side-- just like Canes! I was not impressed, I would much rather have Raising Canes any day over Chicken Now.A few things make Chicken Now kind of cool (but not cool enough) is the loud hip hop music that they bump in the food court, they have kool-aid on the menu and they even have chicken and waffles! -- but still. it does not compare. Sorry Chicken Now, I wouldnt want you "now" or "ever again". oooh burn, see what i did there?
Earls was great! This was my first time there, it was for my sisters 25th birthday and the staff was amazing. They were very accommodating, and the food was on point, everything we ordered tasted amazing and it never took very long for the orders to come out. We started with the spinach dip and that was mouth watering, we had finished the bread it came with and we still had more dip so we started dipping our fries! It was just that good and we finished the entire bowl! Yes BOWL! They don't just give you a tiny portion on a small plate! It was perfect cause you definitely crave more! For our main course I had the chicken Brie and fig sandwich and that tasted amazing as well! The flavors really complement each other well - I liked that the fig wasn't too sweet and over powering and the Apple slices gave it a nice crunch. The garlic aoli was also amazing! Kept spearing more with each bite. I also like that the option for a side can be truffle fires so you don't have to have an extra order! Which means you can try more! We also had the tofu noodle bowl, and that was also really tasty! The sauce was really good and not too spicy, and the tofu pieces were just the right size so you could get a nice bite with the noodles and peppers. I really enjoyed my experience at earls. Even though the decor is more high end, you can definitely make it as fancy or causal as you want! It's perfect for just a meal with friends or for special occasions like birthday celebrations.
Star 1: atmosphere Star 2: food, mediocre....(TastedLike McDonald's) The atmosphere was good, fun, chill and right on king street. The food was mediocre. The burger was nothing special at all. In fact it tasted a lot like a McDonald burger and way more over priced and no side order of fries! The burger alone was 13$ and fries for 6$...a combo at McDonald's is 8$ including fries! You decide which is more worth it?I think the food is too over hyped on Instagram and definitely not worth the price. The only reason I'd go back is for a drink, food I'll save for another place!
This place you can smell right as you walk by the entrance! The smell is AMAZING and that alone will make you want to go in and have a bite! We got the chicken korma roti with medium spice and it was delicious! They make the roti fresh and the flavors are so aromatic. The medium spice is pretty spicy so if you can't handle spice I would go for mild and if you can handle spice and love it spicy go hot! I can handle spice but even medium was a little too spicy for me, but nonetheless amazing! Cannot wait to go back and try more!
Small microbrewery in Toronto with a great atmosphere! Great place to hang out with friends to grab a drink. There's a pretty awesome beer selection, but my favorite is the jelly king!
First time here, but fun place to chill and grab some drinks! didn't get cocktails this time but will def be back for that. Awesome vibe and great music.
For the amount of hype surrounding Gusto, it was pretty disappointing. The two stars are for the ambience/style of the   restaurant and second for the wait staff. They had great service from the hostess to the bar tenders everyone was super nice. The food on the other hand was mediocre, nothing special by any means, typical food you could get at any other restaurant chains. We ordered the beef tartar which was my favorite. The fig jam complimented the tartar really well.  The bolognese pasta was ok, sauce was meaty, but again nothing spectacular, as in nothing you couldn't make yourself. The meatball pizza was the most disappointing. I would not recommend ordering that pizza. Not enough provolone cheese, and meatballs were limited, I only had one meatball on my slice. I would come back for drinks, but no food next time- Not worth the 30-45 minute wait.
This restaurant has an awesome atmosphere and the lay out is very open with an open kitchen. We started off with scones and biscuits, the scone was fluffy and tasty but the biscuit was by far the best! It was flaky and buttery and tasted amazing with the strawberry jam! They were 2 for 6, which is an awesome deal. Our main meal we ordered the big b'lunch skillet and the manhandler! Man were they good! The medium rare steak on the manhandler tasted amazing with the sourdough bread, egg and steak sauce! The skillet was also very flavorful! It had a lot of potatoes black beans and pulled pork. It's really good if you want more of a Mexican vibe.Overall this place is a must try!
Nice and cozy joint for breakfast or brunch! We ordered the poached eggs with smoked salmon and the sausage breakfast wrap, the breakfast wrap was amazing! My favorite, would go back just for the wrap! The goat cheese and the sausage and the red pepper aoli worked together so well and tasted even better! The poached egg Benedict with smoked salmon was like any other, the English muffin was a little tough because I was hard to cut using my butter knife, but still good. For a cute place to eat in Toronto I would recommend Luna cafe!
First time here, and a little disappointed. The waffle did not seem like it was freshly made because it was crunchy, and fresh waffle Off the waffle maker is generally warm and fluffy. The chicken was tender but also not very warm or crunchy. A friend says it almost seems like it was left over and reheated. Her opinion was "meh" The Mac salad seemed like it was store bought. Definitely nothing fancy and not worth $15. Glad we got one to share, would've been disappointed if we got 2!
Really wanted to try the good fork because of all the great reviews and it did not disappoint. The fork scramble was my favorite! The puff pastry was excellent, topped with the scrambled eggs, smoked salmon, dill and lemon creme friache was an awesome combination and a must try! The pancakes on the other hand was so so. The spiced pears and apple butter tasted good together but I did not like the ricotta on top of the pancakes, it did not pair well with the pancakes - a little too sour tasting. I like my pancakes sweet, so I may be a little bias. Overall I would go back again for the fork scramble and try other items on the menu!
This place has really good soup dumplings! They make the dumplings Fresh and you can see them making it. I like these dumplings cause they actually have soupIn them, I've tried some places where there really isn't any soup. But this place is really affordable and tastes great. Downfall is the service is quite crappy. You gotta holler at the waitresses if you need help, so don't be s
Friendly staff, delish coffee and close to home. Just what we needed in the neighborhood.
First visit with Shawna for a hair cut. I have long, fine hair and she did a beautiful job! My new stylist. Very happy.
When I got into this restaurant I felt like I was really in Italy, that's awesome because you are looking for that when you want real italian food...Yes, REAL ITALIAN FOOD!There is a lot to choose from the menu, and everything I tried was good! The pesto pasta was amazing, the garlic bread was very good, the ravioli my friend got was also super yumme... This is what I'm looking for when I want Italian food! The portions are good, not huge, and the price is good as well.I really can't wait to go back.The waiter was very nice, I want to say he was italian? (That made my visit even more real :) )So, if you are looking for great italian food with an italian experience, don't hesitate to come here!!!!
I was a little bit hesitant to go to this place, as I'm a vegetarian and the gravy it's not at all... But I went there anyways because my boyfriend wanted to try the BEST POUTINE HE's ever tried.I have to say I was surprised by how many choices of Poutine you have, and also they had VEGAN!!!! I was the happiest person ever!!Anyways, the fries are crispy even with the gravy; the poutine was tasty and very good! My boyfriend took one with mushrooms, onion, pepper and bacon and he LOVED ITWe actualy went back for a second try, and it was as good as the first!!!! Service is awesome as well, they are very friendly. And price is totally ok! Good portions!!!!
I love everything about this place!!!The crew is amazing, super nice and always there to take suggestions. They make most of my days :)About the food: they have vegan and vegetarian options and most of the food they have is homemade, which nakes it even better!!! I'm in love with most of their things. Salads are good, bakery is good... All os good!They make the things with love, even if it's a coffee and you can really tell after you try it, it's not only delicious but makes u feel special for how it is made!!Thank you so much for turning my bad days into good ones, and my good ones into awesomeee!!!
I've heard great things about this place from a colleague and I don't know if I was expecting too much but I was a little bit disappointed.My colleague said the portions were huge and the food was amazing...Ok...the portions are good, not huge, and the food is good, not amazing... we left full, that's true, but we finished our dinners with no problem if you know what I mean.The food is good if you are looking for an American-Italian, but if you are looking for REAL Italian food, don't come here...There's not a lot of variety in the Menu, no appetizers, only pizza... The prices are very good, so to be fair, quality-price is an 8 over 10...but I'm just giving my experience due to my expectations.Service was Ok. Only one waitress (very nice) for everyone (at 8 PM on a Friday).
Good and cool placeVery good food with Vegan options!! Price is ok, and some tapas are pretty satisfying.Service was so so, but it was busy so I'm not going to say anything bad about it, because overall it was pretty good, and even though the service was not the best, they were very nice.Probably will come back, there are a few vegan tapas left that I want to try BTW, I think it's a very cool place for a date!
First of all, the service is AMAZING, the waiting staff is very friendly and I consider that a super plus!The food is good, there's not much to choose for vegetarians like me, but there are some good things, apparently the mac & cheese is supergood (my boyfriend and friends had it and loved it).There are a LOT of beers, and the waiting staff will help you choose depending on what you like, which is very helpful, as I said, awesome waiting staff.There is KOMBUCHA! And I love Kombucha! I've never seen a bar/pub serving Kombucha at night time, so that made my day!! And it is very good!Prices are ok, for the food maybe a little bit expensive, but OK in general :)I really want to go back!!!
Very good foodPerfect for Vegans, wide menu with a LOT of optionsHUGE portionsVery Cheap!!It's also very authentic.Food 10/10Price 10/10I love it
This place is awesome!It has a lot of games to choose from, and if you are not sure what to choose, just let the staff help you! They will choose a game for you and explain it, that really helped :)Food is ok, not very expensive, but not big portions.Drinks (coffees, smoothies, etc) are good, and the price is Ok, not cheap, not expensive.The best thing is that yu can spend as much time as you want for 5$ per person.We went on a Wednesday, so we didn't even have to wait 5 minutes, but I've heard it gets crowded during the weekends, just so you know!
I'm in love with the chai latte and my.Partner with the Nutella late. Great staff as well. Cool place :)
Amazing pad thai, just like in Thailand!! Spring rolls sooo yummeee! All the food in general is very good.Very good service as well.Food 9,service 9, price...not expensive but not cheap if you know what I mean.It's a must if you want good Thai food in a cool place.
Steamed dumplings are amazing.Fried dumplings are very good as well.There are veggie dumplings, seafood dumplings and meat dumplings as well.Just tried the dumplings and the veggie rice, the veggie rice was also good.The place is cool, service is fast and good.I consider it cheap.If you go to Toronto and fancy dumplings, this is a must.
I like itFast healthy foodTastes fresh and you have a lot to choose fromVegetarian and vegan options :) (But you can add Meat/Fish)Good prices
If you are a vegan, this is NOT for youFor the rest of humans, you'll enjoy it apparently. Good food, cheap.I don't give more stars because being a vegan/flexible vegan didn't give me the chance to enjoy it as much :/ Sorry
Just purchased a home with a pool and called Hudson Pools and Spa's to open the pool to start the season. When we spoke to the lady initially to set up our opening, we told her that we have never owned a pool before would like some assistance in how to add chemicals and maintain the pool.  She said, "absolutely, we  help you with that. Stroked them a check for $480 to only see them take the pool cover off and throw some shock in the water.  When asked about some help in maintenance they said they don't do that.
Just wanted to give a shout out to Robert Otero, at the Chandler (Arizona Ave) location - my husband and I have just recently moved into a new home and were in nedd of 2 new mattresses.  Not only was Robert very knowledgeable, he was very informed on the various manufacturers and had a genuine interest in helping us find the right mattresses.  He was very personable, persistent yet not pushy.  The clincher to purchasing that evening was the fact that if you find the same mattress elsewhere for a better price after you have purchased from them, bring them in the price from their competitor and they will refund you the difference.  So that saved us the hassle of going from store to store finding the best deal.  And we got an awesome deal on our purchase!  I would highly recommend Mattress Firm and if shopping in the East Valley, you will be treated very well by Robert at the Chandler location - excellent salesperson and a credit to their company.  Thank you again Robert!
The single most excellent Japanese buffet I've ever been to anywhere in North America.  Great sashimi and sushi, grilled items and desserts.  Expensive, but definitely worth it.
Mediocre ramen with terrible service. They harass you for the first 5 minutes of sitting down then pretend you don't exist for the next 40. If you need anything from the waitstaff during your meal you're out of luck. Took 30 minutes just to get the check to leave. Okay ramen and nice to have something on this side of town but won't be coming back due to terrible service.
Very trendy place. Decor is artsy and cool. Service was okay. Food was delicious but portions are small for the price.
What a gem!! Alfredo is your man. My sister-in-law and I dropped in looking for a dress for my son's Bar Mitzvah. Alfredo asked some key questions and then went busily to work. By the time I had finished browsing there were 10 dresses in my dressing room. With each try on he gave an honest opinion and then made hair and shoe recommendations. He was present but not intrusive, engaged but not pushy and just altogether a lovely person. There are loads of choices and best of all, there is a wonderful personal touch to this place. Thank you Alfredo. Three thumbs up!! And for prom time, it is the place to go!!
Delicious!! Made a reservation for 11 o'clock and we were seated right away. Service was excellent and the food was amazing!
Hands down, the worst service I have ever received from an auto shop. I am a frequent customer, only place my husband and I take our vehicles in for maintenance and this location has been getting worse and worse the last few year. Went there today, on two separate occasions, both times was told "we'll be right with you ma'am" and I waited in line for an oil change for 30 min both times and not one person even came back to follow up or let me know why there was a hold up. Never going back.
Best brunch I've had in many years and the service was terrific! Try the beignet's if they have them that day out of this world!
The roaches crawling in and out of the sauce dishes while we waited for the cook was most unsettling I would not recommend this restaurant it is filthy!
Overall it was just "Ok", it was way too packed  and drinks were a bit expensive coming in at about $25 dollars + tip.  Lines were pretty long, expect to wait 1-2 hours in line.  The bright side is that the DJ playing was great, and as you would expect in Vegas, lots of beautiful people.
This place gave me and 3 of my friends the WORST massages we have ever received. We arrived at The Foot Spa at 11 PM after a long day exploring Vegas expecting some rest and relaxation but what we received was an awkward atmosphere, and lots of laughing, snickering, and chuckling during our massages. Some of us had masseuses that would leave us for periods of time, drop hot stones, etc. The laughing during the massage was the worst because that is completely unprofessional and RUDE. After the massage I did not want to leave a tip at all but was forced into leaving $5 by the woman who works there. Absolutely horrible business. Avoid this place like the plague.
Great casual breakfast or lunch place. Build your own pasta is great, the ingredients are fresh, the marinara is simple but delicious. Seinfeld is playing all the time and it has a relaxed atmosphere. The owner is always around and is very nice and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast here either. Good sized portions, but not so much that if goes to waste.  Nice non-chain option, which is rare in Surprise.
This place was recommended by our friend Jay Lessard, who is a regular, and it did not disappoint! Great atmosphere, tasty food, good pricing. Visit, you will not be disappointed! Try the prime rib wrap!
Avoid it.  Horrible, horrible service. I do not think this location knows how to schedule its servers properly, lunch doesn't always start after 12, some of us need to each earlier. When 4 or 5 servers are coming in at noon ( i watched them walking in) , there is a problem, especially when there are customers waiting  and empty, clean tables inside. My party of 4 arrived a 11:45, there was no line at all and the restaurant was half empty, we had to wait 15 minutes to be seated, after another 10 minutes of waiting at the table  (it was now 12:10) we asked someone waiting on a table near us to take our drink order and for some bread. The server told us the bread "came in frozen this morning and would be ready in 10 minutes or so".  Serioiusly, there were probably only 8 other tables seated, how is this not ready at lunch time? Also, I saw another table near us that was being ignored get up and leave...smart! Once our drinks came, we finally got the manager over and asked for him to get someone to take our order, he then grabbed a different server to take our order. Once the meal arrived, we did get a good server who was actually nice and refilled our drinks.Summary- Three servers, 1 attitudes, 1 hour and 20 minutes for lunch that consisted of half sandwiches and salads. Food was good, but not worth the trouble and frustration at all. There are plenty of other places right in the area to go. I had hoped for better.
Lift Tech was able to come out the same day my garage door motor went out. Very knowledgeable about their products and upfront about pricing. The hob itself was fast, clean, and well done. I would definitely use them again, as well as recommend them to friends and family.
5 stars!!!  I was having an issue with my sprinkler controller- it was shorting out and I couldn't figure out the problem.  I called Sprinkler Doctors based on their excellent reviews on Yelp and they arrived on time to troubleshoot.  The problem was quickly discovered- turned out to be an issue with a bad capacitor.  Eldon and his team fixed the issue and made sure the rest of the system was running correctly and straightened out some of my sloppy wiring too.  The work was done quickly at a very reasonable price.  Now my system is running to perfection.I feel that Sprinkler Doctors is a reliable and honest company that can be trusted...it would have been easy to just say that I needed a new controller and charge an arm and a leg but Eldon and team fixed my existing set up because I did not need a new controller.  I really appreciate the honesty of this company and they will get all of my irrigation business.  I'm telling everyone I know  to call Sprinkler Doctors and you won't be disappointed.Thanks Eldon and team.
I rented Party Booths for our wedding in the Santa Cruz mountains. From start to finish, Party Booths was one of the most professional and efficient vendors I worked with. From booking with Jessica to creating our photo design with Robert, everyone was so easy to work with. The week before the wedding, I received an email with all relevant details of the night and what I could expect. It was nice to know I wouldn't have to worry about Party Booths not coming or not being prepared. During the night, everyone had a blast and it went so smoothly. Photos were promptly emailed a few days later with full details on how to share with my guests. My only regret was not making more use of the booth!I would highly recommend Party Booths for any occasion and I certainly look forward to hiring them again for my next big event, just so I can fully take advantage next time!
The tour took us down south blvd to 4 different bars/brewery's/pubs. It was fun. Not extremely informative but a nice day in charlotte. I recommend looking for a groupon.
Went here with some friends had a great time. I would recommend this for an evening out.
The food was good.  It was a nice little place to eat before a concert in Charlotte.  I had the steak fajitas, they were very good.  The service was a little slow, and not so good with providing water.  The food and company made up for it.
I love the dentist and all of the Hygenists.  Some of the nicest people in Charlotte!!!  Great dental care!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE where I live.  The ladies down at the office are simply the best.  I moved from one building to another recently, and I did not have time to put a request in for some service.  However, after speaking with Cat ONE time, she got my situation fixed for me.  Cat(Catherine) is one of the many reasons why living at the Silos in South End is the BEST!  Thank you so much Cat for helping me out yesterday.  You are AMAZING!!!
Went here tonight. The food was good the service was good/slow. There are better places in charlotte to eat at.
Best buffet I have been to in a long time. Crab legs were meaty and everything tastes great!
One of the well known competitors came in and did a spot check and said he would not be able to clean without charging more than the initial estimate. I sent them home and called Eco King. Eco King was able to clean the carpet and the competitors spot check.
If you care about your guitar then this is the place to go. Billy will make sure it plays the way you want it to.
A wonderful experience. The pizza is made with a lot of attention to detail and has fresh ingredients and the proper proportions of each element. It's definitely one of the highest quality pizzas around the city. The owner is incredibly friendly and generous, and the staff was very nice. They really care about their business, and it shows.
Visited in October for my anniversary and was thrilled to see a man walking down the strip with a Garretts bag! I  quickly checked Google to find where the shop was (At the Miracle Mile of shops - also great fun to visit).  The popcorn was fantastic, and almost as good as the Garretts in New York, which is where I have always gotten it or had it from.Fabulous popcorn, you MUST try the Chicago Mix, but a small bag of the sweet caramel with cashews would be good to try, too.  Enjoy!
Stopped in with a group of 14 and enjoyed friendly, prompt service even with four separate checks. The food was great! I had the corned beef hash and eggs and both were great. Hubby had biscuit and gravy and loved it. Friend's chorizo omelette got a thumbs up as well. The decor is old school Vegas, lots of tables in the back as well as booths. Will definitely stop here again!
Perfect old fashioned soda fountain!The fam and I are visiting from Cali and our daughter wanted a shake. Yelped this place and - wow!Very laid back atmosphere. Wonderful young ladies behind the counter scooping, mixing and serving every manner of sundaes, shakes, sodas, you name it!Ordered a burger and potato salad and the burger is homemade and huge! The potato salad is like your mom used to make! Stuffed but satisfied..Great find!!
This is actually 3 1/2 stars. A decent hotel stay. We stayed for two nights, arriving on Saturday night in the midst of an event at TMobile so the lobby was quite busy. Valet female in charge of determining who is checking in and who is trying to get parking for event: rude and unfriendly. Check in: long line but smooth and friendly.Room: clean, older furniture but nothing bad. We stayed on the 20th floor and the hall carpet is visibly dirty and worn down but I did not see the same in our room.  Pool: we went down Sunday afternoon and not one chair was unmarked as "reserved" which means everyone paid for their seat. I was not willing to shell out $20 per chair so did what others do: lounge along edges of pools and drink. Drinks: usual Vegas poolside prices, weak drinks. But tastes good, for what it's worth. Dinner at The Brand steakhouse. Nice staff, nice ambiance. boneless rib eye was good but tasted exactly like Outback Steakhouse. For the price you would do better at Ruth's Chris or other similarly priced steakhouse. Hotel staff: all nice. Lots of great stuff within walking distance!
Came in to Vegas early in the morning and found this restaurant. It appears pretty popular and if you are a pancake lover you will love this place. My daughters ordered the cinnamon pancakes and the Oreo pancakes. Both portions were so large and rich that neither girl could get more than halfway through it. My eggs and biscuits and gravy were very good and rich.
I have been so sick of Vegas buffets and their same old, same old bland, over cooked foods that it was such a pleasure to find a buffet that had good food worth the price.  I have tried the weekend breakfast buffet twice in the past two months and both times found the omelettes to be perfectly made, the breads fresh and delicious, and all the other dishes I tried were 1)original and 2)tasty!There were many food options, all at different stations or "regions" of cooking so I think all preferences can be satisfied here.  I don't know that I would spend the money to take my kids again because it was a little pricier than other buffets, but a definite return for the hubby and me!
LOVED it! Came here for lunch on a Saturday in October.  There were four of us, all hungry and grumpy.  We all ordered the $20 all-meat lunch and we loved it! The meats were all delicious and interesting, and even better, all the side dishes were well made, creative, original and tasty!  Will definitely do it again, especially for lunch!
Service sucks and food not that great I eat one roll and that's all it took for me to leave right away.
I'll admit to never writing reviews on Yelp. It's been just about one week since we've been back from Las Vegas, and I'm still bothered by our experience at MGM. Thankfully we only had one night there. Admittidly we booked the room to be able to use the lazy river. I wish I had known we'd be paying $30 for one drink at the bar outside. First, check-in was extremely long. Their mobile check in was 'down' so everyone had to wait in line. It was only 12pm, but the line wrapped back and forth a few times. When we got to the desk, there was a hard sell on an upgrade. We ended up doing it when we were told it was 'a nicer tower with a much better view, especially of the pool'. That was a total lie. We had a low floor view of the building. The rooms, and elevators, were all extremely dark.We spent what was left of the day at the pool, and then the casino at night. We got to our room at about midnight, and went to bed. We were awoken at 2:30am by an extremely loud crash into our door. Being woken out of a dead sleep by what sounded like someone breaking into the room was not pleasant. My boyfriend looked out the peephole to see what was going on, only to see a hooker and a John fighting in the hallway. While I understand you can't control how guests act, it was how security acted that really upset me. I called security and we waited in our room for them to arrive while listening to the screaming and fighting. My boyfriend met the security guards in the hallway, and pointed them to the room a few doors down where the guy was. The woman came back at him, still screaming, while security looked on. They allowed them to continue to yell and stomp down the hallway and throw items. A few times my boyfriend asked the guard that was by our door if he could please remove them from our floor because I was still visibly bothered by the fighting, as I was trying to come down from the adrenaline rush from being woken up. Instead of separating the hooker and the John to sort out the issue, he told my boyfriend to be quiet as if he were the problem. When they eventually calmed down after about 15 minutes, security walked the female away, and the man went back to his room. When we left in the morning, they were taking off his bloodied hotel room door as he watched on.We waited in the long check-out line to bring up the issue. They basically said 'sorry' and took off the resort fee. $35 compensation for a horrendous nights sleep. They took no responsibility for being unable or unwilling to take control of a bad situation and make their guests feel safe. We were also assured that he was removed from the property, which was a lie, seeing as we saw him twice that next morning. Once outside his room, and once in the lobby.  I will never again stay at MGM.
Where do we begin. Waiting for 20 minutes before being hastily greeted by the bus boy at our table. Insufficient cutlery. Wrong order for our nachos. Charged us extra for something we never ordered. My sisters meal was never served. When it finally was, it came on a dirty plate caked with mustard and other dirt. It was disgusting. The servers were running around the place trying to get to every table. Overall one of the worst experiences I've had at a pickle barrel. Can't justify the increases in prices in their menu when the quality of service has gone downhill. Won't be coming back to this location and I've been coming here for over 20 years. Avoid the hassle, go anywhere else.
I've lived here for a while now.  its been nothing but the best honestly everything is just so high quality and outstanding since i got here, which exceeded my expectations when i first moved in! Quality of the homes is great, its so modern and spacious. maintenance has never not once!! and i mean that! never been an issue if i have a problem. its always fixed when asked to. always done in great quality and not a half fast job. which other complexes I've been in have had. its always quick and easy. the area and neighborhood is Great. its Nice. its quiet never had a noise complaint. neighbor's are friendly too which is always a plus. i actually feel safe! make a left turn go straight for a little. the free way is right there. quick easy access to thei-15 freeway to get to where i have to go, and its not in a dead zone area. normal places are actually close by. instead of having to drive 8 miles for a 7-11, walmart and fast food places for midnight runs. also. the girls in the front office Chris and Jennifer are so so nice, actually make you feel like they want you to live here, unlike other's who slap a application on the table and say come back with a money order and say we'll see with a attitude . you know.overall everything is a 10! i love this place. if your interested from what you see online. just wait till you see what's actually in person. 100% worth it. - vThank You!
I live wayyyy on the other side of town. I even have a purrfect auto 5 mins from my house. However, this is by far the best purrfect auto in town. Damien, Josh, and the whole team are amazing!! They always do their best to work with you and they give you the best auto service. I definitely recommend this location.
Joe Beef is a great dining experience. The restaurant was not gimmicky at all after being featured by Tony Bourdain or Andrew Zimmern's shows. The menu is in French and it's written compactly on a chalkboard on the wall in the middle of the restaurant. And, it's ok if you're not French savvy. Our waitress was really good at explaining all the dishes and recommended a tasting menu. She made sure my guests and I were ok with things like foie gras and horse tartare before deciding with the kitchen staff on what to serve.For starters, we had the scallops and sea urchin. Both were yummy, but not a must-have. Next were the Mattones shrimps. Not your conventional shrimp cocktail. The shrimps are much smaller and sweeter and head intact and all. Very nice. Moved onto the horse tartare and it was served on a thick piece of country toast. It was good and not what I expected. Entree wise, we had the strip steak, lobster spaghetti, braised pork shoulder, and the breaded fish (whatever the catch of the day is). Lobster spaghetti was really good. Heavy cream sauce with the lobster pieces served and very nicely cooked al dente pastas and prosciutto/bacon bits. Steak was tender and cooked very nicely as well. Pork shoulder ok. Perfectly cooked, but it wasn't a show stopper for me. The fish dish was surprisingly good. Nicely breaded with panko and was really tasty.The food is really good. Service is outstanding. The staff is professional, but warm and friendly. Their drinks and wine list looked amazing as well. We saw other people order the Bloody Mary and it was a gauntlet of proportions in a mason jar. They had two giant shrimps cocktails served with it just because why not? The food is on the pricier side, but I think it's well worth it. Portions are generous. And, overall...It's a really good dining experience.Tip: for their seafood appetizers, the staff will bring out their signature hot sauce. It's really good! They sell it too and I was very disappointed to have forgotten to buy it before I left. It's similar to cocktail sauce, but better.Also, make reservations online about two months in advance. The staff is very accommodating.
We came here looking for glass. They don't carry it here, which is fine and not the reason for the low rating. Just a heads-up for anyone else looking for same.Upon being informed that they didn't have any glassware, one of my friends went to use their restroom. Immediately upon closing the door, the (I presume) owner screeched, literally screeched, that the bathroom was "for paying customers only!" and that he had best "get out of there before [she] kicked the door in." Needless to say, he zipped up and we beat a hasty retreat.The thing is, we all use tobacco to greater or lesser degrees. Left to my own devices, I almost certainly would I've bought something, maybe some snuff or some expensive cigarettes, I don't know. I can't say for certain because we were only on the premises for about forty-five seconds before we were told to leave in no uncertain terms. She lost all of our sales in one fell swoop, and any future sales she might have had. Avoid this place if you plan on browsing for any amount of time, and God help you if you come in with a full bladder.
The soy garlic chicken was very good. The original was a bit dry and needed some more seasoning. The food was also somewhat expensive. Overall, it was a very yummy meal.
Lisa, the manager, was nasty and rude.  Worst service ever.  That woman should not be in retail and doesn't want people to try on the shoes.  She didn't want to get up from her chair from the register.  She created a moment like in the movie Pretty Woman and said "you can't afford these $350 shoes and shouldn't try them on."  Don't shop this store.
Great place to grab a bite on the way to sightseeing. We went on a Monday so no line. The coffee was great and the food was amazing. We had the mish mash and crepes. We were so full the we ended up skipping lunch.
Stopped by here for a break and a snack. I love bananas but don't usually like banana desserts but the banana cream was amazing! I would have gotten another one if we hadn't already ordered the last one.
My to go place Everytime I need my nails done I come here .they do a very good job with my nails I have no problems or complaints and Everytime they give me a design I love .
The quality of the wings has deteriorated over the past few years and they are way overpriced. Paid $34 for 50 wings and they were well below average in taste. Wish I wouldn't have spent the money.
I wanted to try this place after seeing the yelp ratings! I was in Cleveland for work and wanted to find some time to try this place at least for lunch.  However, work took longer than expected and I had no time to have a sit-down meal.  I didn't give up though, called L'Albatros and asked for duck confit to go.   I picked it up and didn't get to eat it at least one hour later at the airport, but it still tasted very good!!! :)  so I can only imagine the dish would've tasted so much better at the restaurant!!!  Will definitely try again if/when I go back to Cleveland next time!
For someone who doesn't know much about Beatles songs, I still enjoyed the show a lot!!!  The stage was very different and great, and there were practically no bad seats  in this show.  I would recommend listening to Beatles songs before you see the show if you are not too familiar with them!
Came here and did drive-though to pick up a turkey sandwich and the "man" salad.   The salad was really good!!!!  On a hot summer day, the salad is a perfect choice for lunch!!!
We traveled from southern Cal to Scottsdale, and the warm weather made us want to get some gelato!  The employees were really nice and let us try many samples.  Our favorites were lemon and mango flavors!  a nice stop before heading off to Sedona!
Among all the buffets in Las Vegas, is this one very special? not really. Why did we come here then?  only b/c we bought the buffet of buffets, and this was one of the buffets on the card.  One great thing about this buffet was that there was no wait!  so if you are almost done with your 24 hours on the card, but you still feel like trying another buffet, this would be the one to try!  Lot of food selection, and it is clean. dessert section wasn't too great, just mostly cupcakes.
A really nice outlet in Vegas!  Better than the one by the state line!   Come and check it out.
We had to fly out of this airport to get back to the states (SFO).  It is a very nice, new, and clean airport.  We had to return a rental car before flying out, and it was very convenient to return the car at the airport.  and take the elevator up to level 5 for the terminal.  Checking-in was also easy at the terminal as many self check-in kiosks were found.    Everything seems well labeled and clear.  We didn't need to ask anyone to get to the right place. However, it is a very big airport, so if you are flying out of here, do give yourself enough time.  One minor thing though:  the duty free shop at terminal 1 was very small and did not have much to choose for last minute purchase before going back to the states.  So if you are planning to buy any local foods to bring back to U.S. friends, do it before you come to the airport.
WOW!!! I have been wanting to see this show, but was always hoping to find some good deals on the tix (but never happened!  this show is typically SOLD OUT!!!). Finally we decided to just buy the tix and enjoy the show!  WOW! it was really worth it!  the theatre was not very big, and we had seats in 203 section (middle upper section).. They are pretty good seats (try to at least get the middle section, i would not recommend seats on the side).  The show was just truly amazing. The water stage, the music, and the performers made every second of the show worth the price we paid for the ticket!!!   If I could see it again, i would try to even sit closer so i can see better of the facial expression and the costume of the performers!
Was taken to this buffet off strip. Was not really sure what to expect since I usually stay and eat on the strip.  But I was pleasantly surprised this buffet is now one of my favorite buffet in las Vegas!   A huge variety with good quality.  If I feel like going to a buffet next time when I am in Vegas, I would want to come back here.
Although I am not a big fan of beef noodles, I still wanted to come here and try their other dish. I ordered pig feet (i know, sounds scary) noodle soup.  I was not very impressed with it.  They were only 3 medium size pig feet in the soup, so it was not very filling.  I think the beef noodle soup would've been more filling.  But this place seems to be very popular as people kept coming in.  The turn over rate is pretty fast, so even if there is a line, i wouldn't think the wait would be too long.   If you are sick of buffets on the strip and feel like some hot (both temperature and spice) beef noodle soup, come and try this place.
Whose idea was this to sell this card???  It was too tempting not to get it!!! :(   We originally wanted to try Bacchanal buffet at Caesars palace, but we realized that the buffet itself cost $55 (weekend rate), while the buffet of buffets card was like $50 something as well.. (well, we needed to add $15 per person for visiting Bacchanal buffet), but we figured it was still a good deal considering we could still go to other buffets the next day...  so we bought the card...first night: Bacchanal buffet (very good)!second day brunch: Paris le village (a bit disappointed).second day dinner: Spice market buffet (decent). If you are a huge fan of buffets, then this card is something you should get!!!  but seriously, by the third buffet, all i got was one plate and some fruits...  still not bad, i guess...
A huge airport!!!   Give yourself plenty of time to pick up a rental car if you plan to get one.   It is fairly easy to get to it though, just hop on a shuttle bus and it will take you to the rental car place!   And if you didn't have enough slot machine experience in Las Vegas, don't worry! there are plenty of these machines at this airport!     Also give yourself extra time to get to the gate on the return flight!!! again, it is a huge airport!!!
We stayed here for 2 nights while visiting Toronto.  It is a nice location, about 10 minute walk from  via rail train station, and 5 minute walk from the subway station.  So if you visit Toronto and do not have a car, this location is pretty nice.  However, there were a couple things we were not too satisfied during our stay.  We checked in around 10pm and only found the room we reserved was not available anymore.   We had to point out to the front desk that it was not the room we reserved after we saw the room.  Although the hotel offers free wifi, it was very spotty in our room.  Although the hotel also gives free breakfast in the morning, it was always so packed.  Overall, this hotel is in a nice location.  The staff was friendly and nice.
Can I really expect too much if it's a free show? Of course because I AM IN VEGAS!!!  However, this is a pretty bad one considering I walked all the way out here to see this.  Oh well...
My first time to Las Vegas Chnatown plaza after going to Vegas for so many years!  and after being here, I kinda understand why none of my friends mentioned this place...  It is not a TOWN, it is really a plaza..  some restaurants here and there, but I guess I probably wouldn't want to come all the way to Las Vegas from Cali. to have Chinese food!    Don't expect too much when you come here, except maybe some cheap meals...
Marvelous food and beverages. Incredible Manager. Amazing staff.  We ate there 2 days in a row and the food just kept getting better. The specialty tap drinks are so amazing I hope they start to bottle and sell them. If you like Japanese cuisine definitely check this place out. I'm going to write corporate a letter and ask them to expand to Denver, Co so I can eat there all of the time!
The stay at the Vdara was fantastic!  We visit Las Vegas several times a year and will never stay anywhere else again.  Summer upgraded us when we checked in from the panoramic suite to the one bedroom penthouse and it was lovely!  The suite looked out over the fountains at the Bellagio - the view was to die for!  There was a full kitchen and washer and dryer in the unit.  There was a large soaking tub and very nice shower.  We absolutely loved the Vdara!!!
Finally made the pilgrimage to Lotus and was it worth it!  The food is spectacular, the service was very friendly and helpful, and can we talk about the riesling selection on the wine list?  Absolutely one of the best meals/experiences I've had in a very long time.  If you are in LV you MUST make a trip to Lotus.
My mom, my sister and myself have been going here for 8+ yrs, now my husband, friends and friends of friends come here. I love this place!!!!!!!
The previous owners were great! What happened to this place is disastrous. Second time I came back and I regret it even more now. I explained to the lady not to touch the ears and tail of my Pekingese dog, I get her back all chopped up! Ears completely gone in addition the cut is all choppy. Not professional groomer. Also they only take cash which is very strange! The cut was $45 my mom gave them 60 and the lady said she had no change.... I hate being hustled! As a business that takes cash only I highly doubt you don't have $10. If I was picking up my dog I would leave no tip. Never bringing my dog back again. I really don't think the groomer knows what the hell she is doing. Please don't bring your pets here....
Making the tedious experience of moving a lot easier.Friendly, professional and affordable.
I really loved the place, it was great. Nice ambiance, great staff, delicious food. The Dark milkshake, the Outlaw chicken Waffle, and the Cacao 70 cheesecake are to try absolutely.
If its a nice hot tasty bowl of authentic Vietnamese pho you're craving, head straight over to Pho King! There is a vast array of meats to choose from for your soup. We also tried the Bun style rice noodle dish with bbq pork which was fantastic. To top it off, service is always fast and polite.
Excellent Customer Service!I wanted to surprise my friend with a nice piece for her birthday and also because she just had her first child.  I called the store and Erika helped me with the process.  They didn't have the flowers for the arrangement I picked but were able to get them within hours from a distributor and delivered the flowers the SAME DAY.  Great job!
Great authentic Italian food.... pasta salad is amazing and the subs are too die for.... quick friendly service.... closest thing to New York I've found here in az
The service was fantastic with helpful staff, great hospitality and nice attitudes.  The manager (sorry that we have missed the name of that beautiful lady) and her asistant are enthusiastic in taking care of us.  All the time helping us to replace new dishes for sharing food and deserts.  After being frustrated by the poor service in Joe's Seafood last night, we have retrieved our confidence in services in Las Vegas restaurants and once again feel very impressed with the entertainment industry and tourism of Las Vegas.
We are overseas tourist to Las Vegas and it was our first time visiting the restaurant.  It was really a nightmare dinner as we got the feeling of being pushed to finish ordering food and leave the restaurant asap.  I can consider it as a formally dressed fast food shop.  Actually no service at all and the waiters just want you to order as much as possible for receiving big tips and kick you out asap for another guest.
The owners Adam and Kinana are just absolutely amazing! I was excited to see a new establishment where everything is  made and baked from scratch! Very high quality food and sweets! I got the Chicago style cheesecake and the carrot cake was amazing! I can't wait to be back for the breakfast. You guys are amazing!!! Best Wishes!!!!
These people are shady crooks. They do not contact you, when you need something they are no where to be found until they want to get paid. they will do a HORRIBLE job. Disgusting excuse for a business owner.
Old brown lettuce, dry meat, unfriendly staff at 12 noon, the place wasn't even busy.
Very bad experience, not happy with the room. Cheesy furniture and creepy test, don't stay here unless you really have no where to go!!!
Very delicious. I suggest the goat cheese..yes I know it sounds weird ..but it was awesome!!
This was my first time here and the staff made it all so simple. The staff was very informative and kind, they worked with me and found the best options for my teeth! I definitely recommend this place!
The staff is extremely nice! They are all very young, but are very welcoming to all their guests. Each member of the staff asked us how we were doing and if we needed help or a refresher on how the place worked. It was pretty slow for a weekend, which was nice (there wasn't a bunch of kids running around screaming) but we went at night. Fun date night :)
I love this place. I usually order them through Uber Eats- and they never miss anything! Even though its take out, its still always amazing. Their Pho is so good, and there chicken plates always come with so much food! Such a good place.
1. Slow service 2. Wrong orders 3. Lagged long enough to where half the people finished their food and left before the other half got theirs . 4. Bad experience in general 5. And no service with a smile.
Slow... Poor service.. not good food. It wasn't a busy day. Just bad serviceGrits came out hot, but by the time I got butter they were cold.
We went there last Sunday during buffet time and the food had too much MSG. My throat became very dry even though I had soup. The leche flans were dry too when they're supposed to have syrup on them. Most of the food were cold as they were put on display without something to keep them warm. We only ate so little and left as the food were so unsatisfying. What a huge waste of money.
Awful customer service. Takes a long time for food to arrive. Server was rude and seemed like she hates her job. When my husband asked her one question about the food she replied with an annoyed tone and wanted to rush us. Never coming to this location again.
This is the best and most affordable passport photos we've ever got. Went there with my husband today and the photographer was very nice. Would highly recommend this place to everyone!!
I came in to get some boba tea and there was a employee eating behind counter that wasn't professional. The cashier seem rude and unhelpful.
My favorite spot!! Food is always good and the service is on point!! I'd come here everyday if I could!
We love this place it's one of the best places to eat in the West Valley. They are almost always busy and for good reason, the food is freshly prepared after you order, the portions are great and the prices are very reasonable. This place is family run and they are very friendly. Lots of options for everyone's diet accommodations, with many healthy food options. Great for dinner and lunch especially for post workout meals.
Me and some friends pulled off the highway to try this place on our way to Boston.  We were not disappointed!  The two employees are the owners and are quite nice.We all got polish boys.  They are hot dogs that are grilled, then fried (so they have that delicious snap), then they pile on coleslaw, french fries, and barbeque sauce.  It is so good.It is a little messy, but it comes wrapped in foil so it is easy to take on the go, or eat it straight out of the wrapper while it is hot.So if you are passing through Cleveland, don't miss the opportunity to stop at the cheap and awesome food truck!We heard that some people wait for two hours to get a dog here, but when we pulled up at about 2 pm there was no line!  I think that if you go just after the lunch hour you won't have to wait in line.
This was the worst experience of my life. First we walked in and the server asked how many. We answered 5, they then asked if we wanted a karaoke room for 35$ an hour, we told them we just wanted to eat. The server then brings us to a room despite all of these tables that were still open in the main dining. The room looked like a closet and had stuff all over it and a huge table. We asked her if we can eat in the dining room instead and she rolled her eyes at us, huffed and then dropped the menus on a table. We sit down confused like, what is happening. That's when we realize we are the only black and white people in the whole place. I read a previous review that if you are white you won't get service, i thought that person was being sensitive but now I realize it was true. And obviously true if you are black as well. Basically, If you aren't Korean they don't want to serve you. So we sit there and brush it off. 20 minutes go by and the server is ONLY SERVING THE KOREAN PEOPLE. They didn't even drop waters on the table. So we decide to leave and as we're walking out my boyfriend notices the server celebrate us leaving by saying "yes!" And  shaking his fist. So my bf asked him what that was about and he tries to make up some excuse and my bf tells him he's not supposed to treat people this way, the other servers come to that guys defense and basically justify what was done. Anyway, it's pretty upsetting to be treated this way. Because of the color of our skin they wanted to turn away our business, I don't usually think like that but there's no other excuse in my mind that would make sense as to why that all happened. Needless to say, this place looks like a broken down chuckee cheese and the menu is hardly authentic Korean fare with expensive pricing. Please save yourself the discrimination and go elsewhere.
Everything people say is true. I've been to this location several times and they really don't seem to care for customer service. Be prepared to find a long line with only 1 or 2 teller windows open and don't expect any of the workers to be friendly.
This is not a very nice place to stay. The rooms are decent. They don't compare to some of the nicer hotels on the strip. The valet guys are really nice and attentive. My biggest complaint is that the water in our sink smelled rotten the whole time we were there. I didn't even use it to brush my teeth, I used bottled water instead. It smelled gross even after letting it run for a while. The rooms seemed pretty clean and are pretty spacious. No refrigerator.
This is the first Salvadorian restaurant I've tried since moving to AZ. I moved here from Los Angeles about 5 months ago. I am Salvadorian, myself. I must say, the Pupusas are delicious! I ordered 3 Pupusas revueltas (Mixed with pork, cheese and beans). The taste of the food was so good. My complaint is that they did not seem to have beans in them. The curtido was good, I've definitely had better. The salsa was really good. The flavor was just right. Although not spicy, because it's not meant to be. I also had an orchata, which was good. It was authentic. I ordered ahead of time, since I went during lunch. My order was ready when I got there. There was parking. The person who helped me was friendly and attentive. I would definitely go back. I am excited about trying to sopas, atol de elote, and the nuegados.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOSPITAL.  I am currently in the emergency room and there Pregnant CT tech decided she was going to accuse me of slapping her.. The sad thing about this is no matter how many times I tell them I didn't slap her they will always believe her before they believe me I hope once I have an investigation done on this incident that she gets fired and people involved get fired it is against the law to be accusing someone of something they done when they didn't do it,  it's called false incrimination.
Today I want to tell you about a doctor and a person for whom I have sincere gratitude and respect.  The practice is called Dynamic Pain Rhabilitation (DPR) and the doctor in question is Dr. Alexander Imas.  He is one of only two physicians that I recommend to others (always a risky proposition), and have never heard of a negative outcome. So, why take the time to write?  Because in the four years i've been going to see him, he has systematically and methodically given me the tools to save my own life.  Sounds dramatic, doesn't it?  You would have to understand where I've been to appreciate what he has done.  So I'll tell you the story. In 2000-01, I had a series of accidents (3 of them).   I wasn't healing.  A doctor sent me to Mayo, where they recommended that I see a PMR doctor, and by 2004 said doctor had me in a wheelchair and on a whole lot of meds.  Despite fearing addiction and taking the bare minimum of pills, prescribed pain patches made me an over-medicated zombie in that chair for the rest of the decade until I broke my leg in 2010.  I spent almost a year in the hospital after having leg surgery. I don't know exactly what happened to me, but I woke up over two months later in a different hospital.  I know I had been on life support, and woke up with a bunch of health issues because of multiple organ failure.  It was the first time anyone questioned the PMR treatment, and all those drugs.  I learned that I would need to make a lot of changes if I wanted to stay alive (damaged heart, lung, liver and kidneys).  There was a new pain regimen which now centered around methadone.  A few months later, Dr. Imas was recommended to me. The first thing I told Dr. Imas was that I wanted to regain my health.  He has created a regimen that helped me leave the drug stupor of the previous doctors behind.  He had a lot to think about in my complex situation, but chose meds carefully to not conflict with the other things I was taking.  And he helped me manage pain.  Over time he has helped me to get off narcotics.  I am free of methadone now, and learning a whole new way to be.  My quality of life has improved so much, in no small part due to Dr. Imas' care.  I still have pain, but he has been very attentive and while withdrawal is hard, I know that he got me through it as gently he could.I know this is long, but thanking Dr. Imas with an honest review is worth my time.  Please don't think that I see only good things, more in a bit on that.   Everything he has done will make him less and less necessary.  That's pretty unselfish to me.  I no longer have to go every month, which makes me feel good.  I know that I am probably going to have some health issues for the rest of my life, so I love that together, we are creating recognizable results.I've read the complaints about long waits and staff issues, and I have also had some frustrations.   Ultimately for me, it's about perspective.  When i think about it, i have to remember that this is a doctor who really listens and gives me the time I need, not just on the first visit, but every time I see him.   I choose to allow some extra time because I understand that delays can happen when patients ahead of me need extra time.   We all need that sometimes.  I can also see that he really hates to keep people waiting, he is not above apologies when needed.  So for a while now, I've been trying to figure out why there have been delays and staff issues, and whether I wanted to continue with DPR.  A few  observations show me a very human situation; one where a doctor is working on improving himself (becoming double board certified in addiction and pain management) and his business (hiring another doctor and bringing on more staff) while raising a young family.  I would imagine that he has more demands on his time than I would want to have, but I admire him for working on it all while remaining down to earth and keeping a self-effacing sense of humor. I think that one of the best clues to what makes Dr. Imas tick is all over the walls of his office.  He's a cartoonist by hobby.  What does he draw?  Superheroes.  hmmmm......  :).  It fits with everything else I've learned about him.  .  He seems like a man who wants to help.  I guess I've come to the conclusion that like most of us, he Is learning and improving as he goes.  What is that saying ?  ".....when we know better, we do better."I should stop here before you figure out that not only do I think Dr. Imas is good at what he does, warts and all, I believe that this is a good guy.  If you are deciding whether to see him, I hope this helps.
Today I want to tell you about a doctor and a person for whom I have sincere gratitude and respect.  The practice is called Dynamic Pain Rhabilitation (DPR) and the doctor in question is Dr. Alexander Imas.  He is one of only two physicians that I recommend to others (always a risky proposition), and have never heard of a negative outcome. So, why take the time to write?  Because in the four years i've been going to see him, he has systematically and methodically given me the tools to save my own life.  Sounds dramatic, doesn't it?  You would have to understand where I've been to appreciate what he has done.  So I'll tell you the story. In 2000-01, I had a series of accidents (3 of them).   I wasn't healing.  A doctor sent me to Mayo, where they recommended that I see a PMR doctor, and by 2004 said doctor had me in a wheelchair and on a whole lot of meds.  Despite fearing addiction and taking the bare minimum of pills, prescribed pain patches made me an over-medicated zombie in that chair for the rest of the decade until I broke my leg in 2010.  I spent almost a year in the hospital after having leg surgery. I don't know exactly what happened to me, but I woke up over two months later in a different hospital.  I know I had been on life support, and woke up with a bunch of health issues because of multiple organ failure.  It was the first time anyone questioned the PMR treatment, and all those drugs.  I learned that I would need to make a lot of changes if I wanted to stay alive (damaged heart, lung, liver and kidneys).  There was a new pain regimen which now centered around methadone.  A few months later, Dr. Imas was recommended to me. The first thing I told Dr. Imas was that I wanted to regain my health.  He has created a regimen that helped me leave the drug stupor of the previous doctors behind.  He had a lot to think about in my complex situation, but chose meds carefully to not conflict with the other things I was taking.  And he helped me manage pain.  Over time he has helped me to get off narcotics.  I am free of methadone now, and learning a whole new way to be.  My quality of life has improved so much, in no small part due to Dr. Imas' care.  I still have pain, but he has been very attentive and while withdrawal is hard, he got me through it. I know this is long, but Dr. Imas is worth my time to say thanks.  Please don't think that I see only good things, more in a bit on that.   Everything he has done will make him less and less necessary.  That's pretty unselfish to me.  I no longer have to go every month, which makes me feel good.  I know that I am probably going to have some health issues for the rest of my life, so I love that together, we are creating recognizable results.I've read the complaints about long waits and staff issues, and I have also had some frustrations.   Ultimately for me, it's about perspective.  When i think about it, i have to remember that this is a doctor who really listens and gives me the time I need, not just on the first visit, but every time I see him.   I choose to allow some extra time because I understand that delays can happen when patients ahead of me need extra time.   We all need that sometimes.  I can also see that he really hates to keep people waiting, he is not above apologies when needed.  So for a while now, I've been trying to figure out why there have been delays and staff issues, and whether I wanted to continue with DPR.  A few  observations show me a very human situation; one where a doctor is working on improving himself (becoming double board certified in addiction and pain management) and his business (hiring another doctor and bringing on more staff) while raising a young family.  I would imagine that he has more demands on his time than I would want to have, but I admire him for working on it all while remaining down to earth and keeping his sense of humor.I think that one of the best clues to what makes Dr. Imas tick is all over the walls of his office.  He's a cartoonist by hobby.  What does he draw?  Superheroes.  hmmmm......  :).  It fits with everything else I've learned about him.  .  He seems like a man who wants to help.  I guess I've come to the conclusion that like most of us, he Is learning and improving as he goes.  ".....when we know better, we do better."I should stop here before you figure out that not only do I think Dr. Imas is good at what he does, warts and all, I believe that this is a good guy.  If you are deciding whether to see him, I hope this helps.
I read the other reviews and went. Fantastic. All they do is coffee and, I guess tea, so don't go for any other reason. But they are very serious about their coffee, very nice, and totally unpretentious. I tried two different espressos today- a Brazilian and a Tanzanian, and both were expertly made. Will go back tomorrow for further adventures. They also gave me (a first time visitor to Montreal with no French) a whole list of food recommendations around town. I went to the Marche St. Jacques as suggested and it is spot on for my taste as well. If these reviews speak to you, then this is your coffee place...
Great place we stumbled upon after roaming around the St.Catherines/Crescent area in Montreal. Crispy beef appetizer was a bit overdone (maybe cut the beef thinner?), but the flavor was outstanding. We ordered two entrees - green curry chicken and chicken with cashews and both were excellent. Skipped dessert.
I went back again this year, security is still mad lame.  I had to go back and put my little waterproof camera back in my room because it had video functions...wtf.  I carry that thing everywhere.  Crowds are definitely smaller which helps out a lot....they did change the rooms now though which is lame. You have to have a "qualifying rate" on Sunday in order to get into rehab even if you're staying at the Hard Rock.  If you don't qualify then you have to pay the difference or not go.....who the hell thinks of this kind of crap?
I've done many club crawls, etc in Vegas but this was one of the best ones I've been on. Very organized, great bus, they had actual vodka on the bus and both hosts were ultra cool. One was a short blonde girl named Malia or something and forgot the other guys name, but some older white guy. I went solo before the rest of a bachelor party arrive and it was an awesome time, had no problem meeting other people to hang with. Pre-drinks at Rock Bar. Got a good fade-on with the $5 well drinks and some beer pong. 1.  Bus ride...very long bus, one of those accordian ones and it had 2 stripper poles. 2.  First hit up Jewel, fun times. 3.  Another Bus ride.4.  I didn't get into Drai's because I had a gopro style camera in my pocket. No worries, I went to my hotel room and got dinner and met them afterwards. 5.  Another Bus ride. (these were longer than other tours I've been on)6.  Ended the night at Omnia, Armen Van Buren was spinning and I was still able to catch it. Would do this again, especially over dropping several hundred on bottle service, much better value proposition.
I guess its officially the "quad" now...but I'll review it as the IP since they aren't finished remodeling.  Lets just say I got my room for $30 a night for the weekend, so I'll base my review with this in mind...Good:  Great location. Cheap price. Room service was actually pretty good. Fast checkin but long lines (blame that more on the clientele than the staff though)Bad:  Food court blows. So hard to find. Ugly:  Its midwest tourists run amok in Vegas. When I went to the Aria that weekend walking around I couldn't help but think "people here are MUCH MUCH more attractive than at the Imperial Palace". Overall: I'd stay here if the cost of the room is under $100 a night.
I went here for a quick bite while figuring what to do on the town.  The service was rather nice and professional. Water was refilled frequently and they were pretty nice. Had a beef rice bowl...probably not a signature dish but I was in the mood. The rice was some nice long-grain rice that was cooked fantastically, the beef was pretty high-quality...so it was like a very upscale "beef bowl".  HOWEVER it was like $18.  So minus a ding for the price for what you get.  Also another ding for an unknown reason...while the beef bowl was upscale-ish, it still didn't satisfy my palate for some reason...the vegetables somehow torpedoed the meal for me and I kind of left unfulfilled.
I've heard about Grimaldi's in NY, so was surprised that they had locations in LV. Meatball Pizza with Ricotta and garlic...really awesome. Great crust, I loved it. I did take it to go but we devoured the pizza before hitting the town. The guy behind the bar was really cool too, talking about the pizza and filters and the other location, etc. Definitely get more next time I'm in town.
Pretty average, overpriced chophouse/grill. the bone in ribeye was kind of weak but the cream spinich was awesome.  really expensive for a poor grade of ribeye though.
I've been here about 4 times....while I was expecting the world, it really is a pretty solid establishment..but not great.  Its solid....but really not that much of a knockout as one would expect with Kellar's repuatation.  This is a combo review of several visits....the Moules Marinade was quite good...and filling...however, it was crap compared to any bistro you would find in Paris or Belgium.  I wish they were a bit more agressive with the flaovring of the broth itself....Chicken and Waffles....while the waffles were great (esp. the butter), I really like Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles much better...it just seemed a bit too refined and was quite average.  Salmon Rilletes:  this was damn awesome.  This alone brought the review from 3 to 4 stars. Croque Madam- Too rich for my tastesBerries: greatservice: has always been great.
Tao Beach is a classier, more intimate version of Rehab.  A lot less number of douchebags (not that many actually) which is great...pool is tiny and drinks are expensive.  Good lookin' ladies and nice ratios...the promoters do a good job keepin' the vibe pretty upscale.  DJ was pretty good, sounds mumbled some how.oh yeah, there was a vomit smell coming out of the misters. what the hell is that all about?
Went back to see if they got their act together...not. Gumbo was shockingly average coming from a chef that embraces his New Orleans background. Service was slow....really slow.  Truffled mac and cheese was decent. But the food is very average, when I go out I want to eat better than what I can prepare quickly at home. Especially if I am to wait (most of the wait was after the meal to get the check, maybe 15-20 minutes..inexcusable at a non-busy restaurant at lunch time)
I know it looks bad when I constantly give 5 star reviews, but I had a good weekend in vegas so screw it. Service was dope. Super nice and helpful. We ordered a lot, I could barely move after the meal and that was with leftovers. Head about the chile rubbed ribeye for 2...more like for 3. it was HUGE.  Spicy and oh so good. I've had several of my steaks at high end places kicked back to the kitchen because of poor cooking/firing but here the steak was perfect. They gave you SHUN steak knives...it was so good that steak. Tender, juicy and the chile rub was just the perfect spiciness. Loved it. Sides were good too. Au Gratin, Creamed Spinach and holy crap, the creamed corn with black truffle. So good in fact, my brother started asking how much were black truffles so he could make this at home. Starters were good too. Big Eye Tuna Cerviche...awesome. Foie Gras Terrine....awesome.  Only miss of the night was the wedge salad. They used a mini-lettuce head..I prefer the traditional wedge. The pork belly was also a bit too thick..I like the bacon crispy and crunch like bacon bits, not like having a slab of pork bacon over the wedge. But awesome spot. They opened up the window to the waterfall but didn't stay for the show...maybe next time.
Excellent buffett, probably the best "standard hotel" buffet I've had in Vegas.  Loved the cerviches, crab legs, and salads in particular. The prime rib was quite good and it wasn't so "gorge yourself until you explode" vibe you get at cheaper buffetts around town.  Minus points for a relatively weak dessert selection and a very weak selection of fresh fruits. There were plastic mangos everywhere, yet no mangos to be found on the buffett.
One of my staples for my old school Vegas days. I used to come here a LOT, because I could charge everything on the room and it wouldn't be TOO expensive. Had breakfast the other day...quite a good version of the standard staple of Steak and Eggs.  Minus a star for it being $20 though....this is Vegas, its only supposed to be $9.99.  I did love that the waitress brought some Heinz 57 though.
Its an ok, clean hotel...but the location kind of sucks and not quite up to some of the standards I've expereinced at other Westins. I mean, who goes to vegas to stay at the westin?  Unless you've stayed at every other hotel in town before (I have), I wouldn't recommend staying here on vacation.  For saving money, its fine....but I'd still prefer a strip hotel.
Rain is horribly ghetto. I have hookups here and I never go here...hopefully it gets much better when Oakenfold is in the mix.
Went back to Stratta after a late night at XS for some late night drunken eats. Service was much improved from my last visit, the waiter was very helpful. Steak and eggs were excellent. And the meatball sandwich was GREAT as well with the marinara sauce.  Would return based on this visit.
I've never done high tea, and this was a great experiences. Make a reservation for a window seat and make decisions on life that will make and break your next several years. Its a very reflective time and the hustle and bustle of vegas below is very soothing in a strange way.  Very relaxing and opens your eyes to a unique perspective.  Had the Mandarin Oriental blend, which was very good.  I had eaten a burger for lunch about 2 hours earlier so I opted for the dessert bento. Very large selection and great chocolate decadence, finished maybe 1/3 of that but it was really good. Service was spot on as well.
the vibe and the crowd make this the best pool party in vegas. Rehab is trashy now. I like Wet Republic too, but the people are much better looking at Encore Beach overall, its got a more international vibe to it. I also appreciate they crack down on water splashing at these parties as it gets annoying having to cover your drinks half the time. I took a star off because they wouldn't let non-Wynn hotel guests exit and go back through the hotel, instead making us walk on the 110 degree strip after an afternoon of heat and beverages.
$2 Miller Lights.  I love this place.  Hopefully some corporate giant doesn't bulldoze this down into an "ultraresort.spa.casino.spot" or whatever they aim for.
Did the tasting discovery menu, was outstanding. standouts were the onion tart (maybe I should have done the white truffle supplement but it was awesome as is) and the oysters poached in echiere butter.  The orange dessert they had was out of this world. Very consistent, great service. Changed silverware after every course, very quickly.  next time I may order off the menu though.
went back to the club and the restaurant as well. The VIP host "Robert C" was very good, he hooked us up with a great dancefloor table next to some very pretty girls. That was a good night. I love this club, its all about having a good time unlike other clubs where its all about trying to show off how much money you can burn through in a night. Music is always great, favorite is the DJ Vice Sundays but the La Freak Friday party was fun as well. Also had dinner here. The Kobe meatball was amazing. Huge, ate it later, would want to try it with ricotta...also loved the eggplant, fresh mozerella and rigatoni....al dente...the complimentary garlic bread and tomato sauce was awesome. the only complaint was on the tuna tartare the olive on the side made it a little salty, but then again I'm not really big on tuna tartare to begin with. Service was really great, our waitress really was helpful.
Honestly I was scared based on reading these reviews and others that mentioned "Hakkastairs".  It wasn't as bad as I thought. Went last weekend for bob sinclar using presale tix from wanttickets.....waited a whole 2 minutes to get in...only way to go if you're not doing bottles. Was absolutely blown away. the opening DJ was dope as hell...had a great mix and felt the crowd to get warmed up. layout was surprisingly dope, the dance floor I was able to get around a bit....sound system was tremendous and they had FREAKIN CRYO BLASTS COMING DOWN FROM THE CEILING ON TO YOU. That was just insane...video screen above the DJ and they had a second level with choreographed dancers to the performance.  Just freakin incredible, I was really really impressed with the venue and Bob Sinclar was dope as hell.   Checked out the venue a bit, I'd personally stay away from the hip hop room...out of the way and just got a weird vibe. The main stage was where its at...go dancefloor tables, don't think the back room or upstairs would be as good.
Mesa Grill is good, solid food.  The prices are pretty outrageous at dinner, but brunch/lunch are very reasonable. The mesa burger is great. Also had the Pork Tenderloin which was really solid (should have been at $45+).  Margaritas are EXCELLENT and its a good place to get a primer into Tequila options.  I love the bread basket they bring....really really good.
Ballys is cheap and in a pinch, it'll do. typical vegas shit.  I like the retro-ness and 80s vibe of the inside of the casino, hopefully they don't change a thing. Didn't really get to use any of the facilities as I went to other hotels....but its cheap and central on the strip..that's a good thing.
This is a fairly solid steakhouse with Prime cuts of meat that are cooked to order.  I had the Ribeye, medium rare and it was quite good, seasoned and cooked appropriately. I would put the steak overall as "average" in the realm of great steaks in my life.  The sides were quite good. The Lobster mashed potatoes weren't that good...the consistency of the potatoes were a bit more processed than I preferred...the creamed spinich and the sauteed mushrooms are quite good. Service was non-intrusive and fairly fast, the decor and layout kind of sucked for a steakhouse....I am glad I went here and when I'm at the HRH, I'll probably eat here again so I don't have to suffer through Pink Taco or Mr. Lucky's ever again.
Loved the vibe and the DJ was quite good. Its a very small place but I enjoyed it and the bartenders were actually pretty good and nice.
I've heard about how this is the "best thai restaurant in America".  Its a very good one, but I really didn't notice the big difference between it and Renu Nakorn which was at a time related to Lotus of Siam. Service was very good though...its a very solid thai restaurant, but it didn't knock my socks off like others have said..I believe this review would suffer from unrealistically high expectations.
This place is terrible. The only plus is that it's in the hard rock hotel. I've thrown up their food several times (probably more alcohol than food). The only thing I've had here that's passable is the steak and eggs breakfast.  It sucks because at late night, at those hours its hard to get food unless you want to eat crappy chips from the little sundries shop.  There's a pizza place across the street open real late...but then again you have to walk across the street. Knowing me I'll eat here at least 5-10 times a year because I always stay at the Hard Rock.
Bouncer tried to upsell bottle service, claimed they were at capacity and we couldn't get in without buying a $400 bottle of alcohol (4 guys).  So anyways, my friend just goes and slides in behind sushi samba (there's a hallway that's shared) and bypasses the whole "scene" (there was no line by the way).  Said it was a decent spot but it was pretty empty and certainly not at capacity.   Hollywood nightclub attitude in LA?  Me thinks not...especially inside a freaking mini-mall in the freaking Palazzo hotel. The club/bar is hard enough to find...they can't afford to be this lame early on in their life. Sure, if it was Tao or Pure or even a place that looked somewhat alive, I would have obliged, but this place was dead dead dead on a Saturday night.
Pretty overrated overall. Don't bother waiting in line unless you're getting a table or are a really hot girl.  Standard 3 hot girls for 1 guy will probably get you in without waiting in line. The club is quite smallish...the hostesses at the VIP tables were quite good though, very professional but the DJs have been very weak whenever I go here.  Layout is nice inside with a cool vibe but the layout of the club itself is a bit odd....maybe in some flyover state this would be a hot spot...but in Vegas, there is a lot better you can do....its a shame because the HRH is my favorite hotel to stay at and I usually go elsewhere for nightlife. Body English doesn't do it for me, bad crowd, weird vibe, and crappy music.Crowd is very Inland Empire.
XS stands for Xs-ive asians.  We were supposed to talk with the main manager at the podium to get in but the stupid rent-a-jerks in their yellow (or purple coats) wouldn't even let us get to him ("move along, can't block the walkway").   We eventually had to yell as we were walking back and forth past the podium like freaking chickens with our heads cut off, we were able to get a host to help us, but the stupid line-patrol rushed us along.   What a poorly run bunch of security to put a damper on the night, they obviously do not want to cater to a higher clientele who were in search of a good time, just a clientele that can wait in line and have everyone in the party chip in $200 (which is a miracle in itself) and sit at their table and stare at their bottles.  We had our in to the club and after taking a second look at the crowd, we were over it and decided not to go (a few from our party did go in, never heard much as far a details).  But I'm not going to go through a damn horse and pony show just to have a good time. There's a professional and classy way to do things and the way the front of house was run, it was very stand-off-ish.  I'm not going back here until they get some diversity.  Maybe it was a bad weekend but others tell me its just basically an asian club of people from SoCal trying to be in the "hot spot" and "poppin bottles".
I'm not a real fan of this club. First of all, most of the hosts are douche-bags.  Second, the layout of the club sucks and most of the crowd is kind of ghetto for what you'd expect out of the Wynn hotel.  The indoor/outdoor dancefloor lounge area is nice as is the table by the waterfall, but it does get a bit isolated. For such a nice space, they seem to have too many people in there that break the dress code. I never felt the good party vibe like I would at a place like Lavo, which is way better.
I think what this buffet suffers from is the classic example of style over substance. Presentation wise, the food looked very good. The descriptions of the food were quite good as well. Very "foodie" in nature. However, where it suffered was breadth of selection and quality/execution of food, both were VERY poor.  If you can't even do a decent biscuits and gravy at a las vegas buffet, its time to give up. There are actually TWO lines here, one where you wait to pay and a second one where you wait for a table. I don't know how much more inefficient it could have been.  Service was piss poor as well. We didn't get our drink orders in until AFTER our first plates of food were finished (and we had someone wait at the table to make sure to get it). The table next to us, jealous of our bottle of water asked us "do we have to get our own water here?"Foodwise, like I stated earlier, its all foodie sounding concepts that are presented in a hip fashion. Tastewise, it was very crappy and cooked on a mass-produced scale with seemingly no consideration to taste. I enjoyed maybe two selections, the french toast and the sliced lamb.  Pho bar was embarrassingly bad. I'd be shocked if the stock WASN'T powdered beef stock. Smoked salmon tasted off. Chicken wings were disgusting and strange texture, Chocolate covered strawberries had a weird powder dusting which ruined the flavor. didn't even want to touch the sandwiches, pizzas or chinese food with a 10 foot pole because they just looked either dry or under the heat lamps too long.  Overly salty pastas. The list can go on and on. Also, some of the foods are hard to reach due to the low positioning of the glass shields. I've probably been to 80% of the Vegas buffets and this one rates very low on the scale. If you're going to go to one, do one that actually cooks their food well (like the Wynn or Bellagio).
I learned some interesting insights into the mob and crime in America. Always has been a fascination of mine, and I thought it was done well. The staff was all very helpful.  The displays were cool, I liked the courtroom especially I could actually FEEL the history in there and was impressed by the Laser and Light show. The gift store was kind of cheesy, wish they had edgier merchandising, it was all mass produced crap. Hope they clean up that area a bit more over the next few years (but not TOO Clean). Lots of shady people and unscrupulous individuals are in the area. A direct shuttle from the strip would be nice as well instead of taking the crackhead bus downtown!
I returned and it got that 5th star. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and I love eating and sharing. The desserts did it, man. the best flan I've ever had, some olive oil ice cream and a chocolate dessert that kind of shut my talkative ass up for a minute. Had the Paellea, it was good but not as good as I had in Spain. I actually enjoyed the fideo-type dish (paella with noodles instead of rice). the aioli makes it really good though.
Always a decent selection of cool, casual clothes, although I wish they had bigger shoe selection like in BH but the sales associates seem friendlier and its not as crowded. They hunted down a hard to get bottle of Comme De Garcons x Monocle Hinoki, which I have had the hardest time finding...went the extra mile in finding a loose bottle in the stock room!  thanks!
Its pretty cheap italian food. $20 bucks for a 3 course meal which is good.  quality..not so much.  There was a romaine heart in my cesar salad which is a no-no...also, got more of the inner, light green part of the romaine.  the cesar dressing was a bit overpowering.  The lasagne was average..nothing outstanding at all.  HOWEVER, the service was very good.  Waiter was funny and the staff was all friendly and accomodating.
I'm a Vegas veteran, probably have been there over 100+ times from having easy access from SoCal. Nightlife in LA is pretty lame and Vegas is always a good time.  As a result of going so much, I try to "maximize" my costs, time and opportunities for...uhh.....well you can figure it out.  First off, going on one of these tours is pretty fun. You DO start a little early in the night, drink 2:1 drinks at some bar/ultralounge whatever. Its a good time to get your night going. Then go to a few different clubs, usually in the 2nd-3rd tier of Vegas nightlife (which honestly isn't a bad thing when you consider how the 1st tier places are mostly about people showing off and being seen).  Compared to Bottle Service, this is a ton cheaper. If you're in a smaller group, bottles don't make much sense, its only good if you're in a big group of people and want a place to sit. Its always a good time, but you'll usually drop a few hundred per person (and girls try to scam you out of drinks!). Compared to buying pre-sale tickets..its a wash. The big thing is that pre-sale you can probably go see A-list DJs. The thing is when you're there for the big DJs, you kind of get distracted from all the pretty ladies, who are also into the DJs more than doing the "vegas thing".  On these tours, you've already in a bus full of pretty ladies so we've really liked that aspect of things. So on a typical vegas weekend, I'll do some pre-sale tickets one night, a club crawl another night. Anyway, I have been on Nite Tours 3 times. Twice on Sunday nights and once on Saturday night (this past weekend in fact).  I've found that they keep the ratios of girls/guys on each bus pretty even and as long as you are social and not creepy, you should do well for yourself.  I've done a few other tours, which were walking tours which were ok, but the party bus is a really good time.  I hear people complain about getting beer, cheap champagne and whatever else...but honestly, by the time you get on the bus, you should have loaded yourself up on 2:1 drinks and so that it all tastes the same by that time anyways. Our tour guide last weekend was Misty.  A pretty young thang who was super cool. She was pretty organized getting everyone to meet up on time and was cracking good jokes and chillin out.  She'd get the party going on the party bus, I don't think we had any of the Debbie Downer types (you know how those are) and she probably played a good part in that.  We hit up Chateau, which is not bad....patio outside, club inside...stayed there for a bit. Then party bus to the Bank, which I didn't really like layout wise and it was a bit wack of a crowd there and too crowded..first time there though.  party bus, ended up at Light where we actually got to see Dmitri Vegas and Like Mike in one of the two hot new clubs that had recently opened (along with Hakkasan)..this was on a Saturday night with the opening of the Michael Jackson Cirque show, so I was pretty impressed they were able to get us all in for a top rated international DJ duo.So in summary, do it if you want to save some cash (I only spend like $60 in drinks all night and I was feeling pretty good).  If you want to complain or think stripper poles on party busses and free Coors Light is icky...well, you probably should have stayed home. oh yeah, look for discount codes..they're around and help the costs down even more.
I had a green chile burger here and the cheddar fries. Also started off with a gazpacho.  The green chile burger was average, as an purveryor of fine burgers, it was probably somewhere in the middle...not sure, the combo of everything just seemed a bit off.  I think the meat blend for the burgers, it didn't taste as premium as others...a nice char on the burger would have been good.Gazpacho was great though and the cheese fries were rather amazing.  I've got to say, great service inside Cafe Babareeba (which I want to check out).
Went on Friday night. Nice vibe...strangely its a mix of brazillian steakhouse and japanese...the brazillian is much stronger, the sushi was rather pedestrian...the tempura options was pretty good though.  Also got an assortment of Brazillian meats...pricier than it should be...Drinks were good, although the sake sommilier was a bit pretencious (the concept not the actual person)....especially for what essentially is a low end restaurant with overpriced options. the restaurant didn't really have an identity...ok...brazillian-japanese...yeah.  it was a bit odd....the ambiance was pretty damn awesome though...just too forward of concepts that don't go together really....drinks were fine.
Wow! What a great restaurant in terms of location, food, service and management!  Hosted party of 20 and everyone was thrilled with their food and excellent service.  I was so pleased at the professionalism of Jarrod who was my "go to" person and didn't disappoint. The mussels, salmon, lamb chops are just some of the choices our guests enjoyed and all can't wait to go back.  Thank you!
Never came back to this place. The people are rude! No hello, no hi, how are you? ....UNHAPPY PEOPLE.
Estacin Inka lo mximo ! Esta es mi segunda visita y la verdad satisfecho con todo. El Sandwich de lomo y el pollo a la brasa pasaron la prueba. Gracias por abrir este rinconcito peruano, que me transporta a mi pas.
Terrible servicio por parte de la administracin. Estuve viviendo por dos aos en Hrcules Trail sin ningn problema. Pero cuando los hay problemas Red quin es el manager es un intil. Mi perro fue atacado por perro pitbull mastiff del apartamento del lado, que supuestamente la duea del perro o el perro no estaban autorizados a estar all fue lo que me inform personal de la oficina. Sin embargo estuvieron la duea y el perro por dos meses. Yo tuve que pagar los gastos del veterinario de $500 por que la duea del perro agresor se fue "desapareci con su perro" y Red nunca hizo nada al respecto. Cuando esto sucedi Reid estaba de vacaciones por una semana y nadie en la oficina se qued a cargo de su puesto. Tuve que insistir con llamadas y emails la semana siguiente para obtener una respuesta a mi queja. En respuesta recib su negativa a la responsabilidad de tener un perro de raza no autorizada en l complejo de apartamentos. Este perro poda haber ms tiempo y la administracin ni enterada de cuantas personas o mascotas viven en los apartamentos. Si vas a rentar aqu ten cuidado con tus mascotas o nios pequeos.
So Yum!  Hadn't been here for awhile and finally went for my belated Birthday Dinner this past Friday Jan 27th.  We got there a litter after 7 p.m. and even though they looked to be quite busy, we were seated right away.  My husband and I had the octopus salad, which was really delicious and tender, not the least bit chewy.  I had the Branzino, so good and had the perfect amount of crisp to the skin.  Husband had the Chicken Milanese which he quite enjoyed.  Now we usually always have the Stracciatella because it's just perfect, but we didn't on this occasion because I wanted to make sure we had plenty of room for dessert.  We had the Panino Dulce, a Brioche Bread with Nutella and Hexx Chocolate with a side sauce that also had Hexx Chocolate.  The dessert sounds complicated, but looked simple and rustic, and was the most delicious dessert I have had in a long time.  Will be going again not just for dinners, but also realized they have a Happy Hour.  How awesome is that?
Terrible service.  Ordered a breakfast sandwich, along with a latte, tea, and muffin.  Waited over 20 minutes for the breakfast sandwich, had to remind them twice to even put in toaster oven.  Meanwhile husband finished his latte and I'm nursing this tea and muffin waiting.  They did give us our money back for the sandwich, but come on!
Dude, they need to clean.  It was like searching for a needle in a haystack to find a clean table here.  Never saw anyone clean any of the dirty tables around me the 20 min I was here. One guy was collecting trays, but honestly it's a large space and with that many people coming in and out you need 2 people dedicated to the task of keeping it clean. Food and crumbs on the tables and on the floors.  Someone needs to tell them that what happens in the front of the house could likely be an indication of what is happening in the back of the house.  If they don't care what it looks like in the public areas where everyone can see can you tell me they honestly care what it looks like in the back (where no one can see) where they're preparing food?  Praying I don't get sick from this meal and never coming back.
We purchased a koala print while on vacation in Sydney.  The print was on a very heavy weight paper that presented some initial issues with mounting.  We worked together with Ernesto on ideas for framing, matting and mounting and we're able to come up with a beautiful outcome. We wanted and got a 3D effect for our print.  Would definitely come back again.
Just left after sitting there for 15 minutes completely ignored.  Place was half full so it doesn't make sense.  After reading the reviews it seems like slow service is the norm.
Yesterday my car windshield got hit by a rock off a truck as I was getting off the Summerlin Parkway on Buffalo off ramp. It was a quarter size chip, with the crack continuing to grow.I originally went to Fabulous Freddy's for the chip repair to my windshield this morning.  Lucky for me their service person is flaky and wasn't there. I called another place and had to leave a voicemail.I finally decided to give Safelite a call.  They took all my insurance information over the phone and scheduled me for a nearby location on 2055 Rainbow.  I was amazed by the results. The crack in the windshield is virtually invisible, except for a small dot. Considering the size of the initial chip and the crack the results were amazing.  Luckily also because of my insurance it didn't cost me anything.The only regret I have is that I didn't go to Safelite first, because once I got there it only took about 40 min. BTW, I've had chip repairs done at Fabulous Freddy's before and their work just doesn't compare to Safelite's awesome results.
Chelsea McTiernan is the best. My husband and I have been going to her for over 10 years and she really knows her stuff.  Her cuts and color are awesome.  I've done long and short, highlights and single process and I've never been disappointed.  She really listens and has always been able to translate what I'm looking for into my own look.  Another sign of a great hairstylist? The grow out period, Chelsea's cuts and color always grow out beautifully.  She's also super nice and sweet!
Waited for 45 minutes after pick up time, gave up and took a cab not to miss a flight. Their customer service is awful. Just not taking any responsibility.
Yes, I know it's only breakfast, but this place is amazing! Everything tastes super fresh and tasty! Expect to wait about 25-30 mins., but i promise you it is all worth it. Not to mention the staff is super attentive and nice. Am loving this place!
When craving any type of mexican seafood, this is the place to go. Their 'botana negra' is delicious!! Also, their preparadas are bomb!
First thought when I got my food was.. this is it? But after I tasted the food it's great and it should probably be the portions we should be eating opposed to the feeds 3 dishes everywhere else. Their cluck-moo was amazing!
Went for dinner and food was very good! Definitely worth getting all you can eat to taste all the different rolls they have to offer. My husband also ordered the honey toast, which was amazing!
A great place to get away from the city!!! It's very relaxing with everything you need: a bathroom, fire pits and water. Not to mention it's so close to home !!!
My parents kept ranting a raving about this place and I finally tried it. It's a "hole in the wall" kind of a place, but extremely good. All of their soups and main courses I've eaten have been great. What is a huge plus is that I never feel like I just ate a container of salt after leaving, it's not too seasoned like other places. Check them out!
looooooove! First off, their staff is super attentive and friendly. You can always come for a quick bite date night. They have a variety of things, all which are great! My fave three things are: Tum Yum Koong, Thai chicken salad, masaman chicken and spicy basil chicken! Yumm!!
I love their lettuce wrapped burgers. The waiters are always pretty fast and attentive. Not to mention their endless salad anddddd sweet potato fries for the hubby. Everything we have ordered is always tasty.
We went to La Comida for a bachelorette party after hearing great things about this restaurant. When we got there our server seemed a bit off, but whatever I figured the food was what we were there for anyway! After ordering and getting the smallest cup of guacamole I had ever seen, came my main course. The fajitas were horrible. If your chicken tastes like fish... Something's wrong. After sending the order back the waiter came back with an attitude...!! Over all a horrible experience. I would never go back.
Amazing food and the owner is super friendly!!! Great quality food!!! By far the best Mediterranean food in town.
Delicious food and friendly staff. The first time I went I was afraid of what it would be like since it's very hidden and not too busy but, nevertheless, it was amazing!!!! Everything on their menu is great. Cheese naan is a MUST!
Breakfast is good, but their coffees are to die for! I mainly go because it is definitely a different scene and their breves are delicious!
My husband and I decided to try this "fresh" place out! Food was very good, juices and smoothies are also great. Definitely, a good place for a quick, healthy bite.
Went to get a full set and pedicure today! Tom did them and was great! Super nice and seems to be a perfectionist. I would definitely come back!
Never fails! Anything and everything is delicious! One of my faves, is the Gorgonzola filet mignon... Always cooked perfectly and try their Bellini!!!  And it never hurts that the staff is always friendly!
I came in for a haircut with Ally a few months back and was beyond content with her work! A few months later I had a haircut and color (boloyage) done by her and oh my god!!!!!!!! This girl knows her colors and blending! I absolutely love her! She makes time go by so fast because she's an absolute joy to be around!Thank you Ally!!!!
My husband and I were so excited to try cracker Barrel because everyone made such a big fuss about it , and boy was it a let down. My eggs were cold and dry ... grits and gravy were completely watered down. Such a shame because we wanted to like it !!!! I will say that our waitress was super friendly.
I came and ate with the family on Sunday and it was great!! I read a lot of reviews on it and breakfast is always blahhh.... But this was tasty and I would definitely go back!!! Not to mention their staff was super attentive and nice!
Wanted to come and check this place out after i read so many great reviews, so it finally happened. We went Sunday morning for breakfast annndddd we were kind of let down. First off their freshly brewed coffee was $4! Leone cafe among other places are freshly brewed for 2.50-3.00. Then theFood that came was nothing worth $14 bucks a plate. I understand that they buy and make everything fresh, but $40 for coffee and eggs was a little over the top, especially since it was nothing out of this world. Food was just okay. Wish it would have been better, since I love going to mom and pop shops.
Sooooo good, that I had to add them on yelp and write this!!!! Hubby and I just got back from Texas and we were missing the BBQ, and by coincidence this was right by the house so we decided to come in. Holy cow! Everything was delicious. We ordered their brisket and it was soft and most, and super flavorful! All three of their sauces were over the top and their sides were great! I better start hitting the gym because I'll be here too often!!! :P
Their breakfast portions are pretty big! Their coffee is GREAT and their steak and eggs are my fave! First time I went out waitress was extremely nice, which always makes the visit nice and she even gave us coffee to go!
Everything always tastes good. The restaurant looks like a small mom and pop place and the waitresses are always very friendly. I love coming here for take out, good quality.
I've been wanting to come here for awhile, so I had my hopes up about this place. We came about 3 on a Monday, and was it packed! There was a line for the inside so we just decided to sit at the bar, which had some opened seats. We sat down and the bartender cleaned the counter and said he would be right with us. He was the only bartender on duty, poor guy. Despite that, he did get down our orders pretty quick,but they did take awhile to get unfortunately. We shared a s'more hot chocolate,which was good. To eat, we got some sliders for appetizer, caesar salad with shrimp and salmon, and a side of mac n' cheese. All the food was good, except for the sliders. The sliders were extremely over-cooked and they were the size of a half dollar, yes you read that right. Super expensive considering the size and portion ($14? and only 5 fo them I think). Not worth the money at all. The salad was over $20 but it was well worth it because it was delicious. Salmon and shrimp were so yummy! Mac n' cheese was as well! Our bartender was super nice and attentive considering his circumstances, and even comped the drink off the bill. Still like the place,but maybe next time I'll just go for some ice cream
We've just moved to Chandler and found this place from reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed. They have amazing hand pies! We tried several savory pies and one sweet one. My favorite for savory is the Ham and Cheddar breakfast pie, and the sweet Tangerine pie is super yummy.
5 Star Rating for Best Way To Move!We hired Best Way to move a home in Toronto, the move was from Thornhill to Richmond Hill. They called ahead to confirm the time of arrival, showed up on time and the 2 gentlemen that came to do the move were very professional and organized. The move went smoothly, all as planned and we were very happy with the service. We will certainly use them for future moves.
Feeling as though 90 minutes on a Saturday is an excessive wait time for food service regardless of the size of the party. Nothing particularly special about this place.
Just as many other establishments do, this one fails to capitalize on the science of restaurants and bars to generate a memorable experience for its patrons and a healthy profit for the owners.One bartender, too much bar.One cocktail waitress.  She's never asked me if I would like something to drink.Miserable quality of pool cues.  Cracked chalk.  Broken tips.  Warped cues.  Poorly maintained pool tables with plastic pockets and no ball return (the only good part is that the tables aren't coin-op crappy bar tables,) balls aren't polished, felt is worn, but not too fast.  No regulation size tables, unfortunately.Years of shooting pool at many of the valley's pool halls puts this at about a 4 out of 10 for pool and a 2 out of 10 for service.I've been here 3 times because it's where Dream Dealers is having its weekly free Monday night poker tournament.  If it weren't for that, I would not come back.  Too much space, not enough going on, despite the great potential.
On the best days, you'll walk in to the smell of freshly roasting coffee beans, a special blend created by the ever-present owner, Steve Belt.  On the second best days, you'll wonder if it can be any better, and then you'll walk in on one of the best days, where you'll smell the freshly roasting coffee by ... wait, I said that already.To top off the atmosphere, which is extremely conducive to working, because the music isn't blaring, like some other coffee shop near Indian School and Central (which has its place), the menu is excellent.  Carylann Wooton, a transplant from Liberty Market, created it from scratch, and uses nothing but organic ingredients.  My favorite is the Mediterranean Tuna.Excellent quality, excellent service.  Prices on food?  A bit more than I'd like to see, but oh so tasty.
We made a quick stop for Father's Day to sample a couple of items and it was D-LiciousThe place is small and old fashioned; picnic tables, no tablecloths, roll of brown paper for napkins (very useful!!) opt for the terrace if possible1st off that Bourbon Lemonade is addictive, too bad i was driving 'cause i would've taken a whole pitcher!!The pulled pork taco was great and that crunch (fried onions?) made it even betterThe star of the night was the fried chicken!!! God it's good, just enough skin with a tangy spice, just amazing. it's served with a fantastic potato salad and a good old coleslaw.The only unsatisfying item was the shrimp taco that lacked some oomphff!! i would of like the shrimp more fried but the spicy sauce gave it a good kickService was super, very fast and attentive. nice going gals!!will definetely go back for other types of tacos, po-boys AND fried chicken and will bring a DD for my pitcher of Lemonade!!!
decisons decisionsu can't imagine how many times people ask me "what is the best pizza in Mtl"they are so many different types of dough, methods of cooking, then the place itself, the diversity of pizzas, etc  then there's Prato, i will NOT say it's the best pizza in Mtl, but for the price it's sure damn close!! (for higher end pizza go to Bottega or Vinizza, i did not try Magpie yet...)very family atmosphere, no fancy/pancy, just good ol' brick oven pizza with some eclectic choices! i love their white bacon and onions pizzai go there with the family and just have a good timehidden gem? go check it out
let's just start by saying that just because i'm italian doesn't make me a coffee expert... BUT it helps!! i've drank so many espressos in my life at so many places that my palate is a bit critical!!please never drink espresso where they write eXpresso (clue #1  !!!)i stumbled on Pourquoi Pas while parking right in front of it, so after my lunch i decided to make a stop and try their coffee. i was pleasantly surprised just by the place itself, very small nothing fancy, great smell, a good ol' coffee shopdon't know the names of the 2 guys,  but they are just great and serviceable.being served a shot of mineral water to rince your palate is a great way to impress me (not all good places in Italy even do this anymore!!)the SHORT espresso was fantastic: nice nose of hazelnut? kinda biscotti type, nice ring of schiuma (little foam on top) and the taste was to my liking: a bit of acidity (wich some people might not like) and well balanced on the intensity.can't talk about the other coffees they offer 'cause i'm an espresso man, but i can't imagine how they would go wrong, since they seem so professional with their approach.the prices of coffees are really reasonable not overpriced at allthe only reason i did not give them 5 stars is because of their food prices, maybe it's just me and all the other places do it, but 1,50$ for a small cookie (as good has it might be) is way too much for me.to all TH and Starbuck lovers, continue to drink ur diluated bad water/coffee!!i know it's not possible, but we start by rincing our palate with mineral water, we could finish by rincing our cup with...  GRAPPA!!! Salute
I was really hoping to find the next great mexican restaurant... but i didn't !!! the food is ok, not bad but not great, the problem is that it's way overpriced for what it isapetizer + entree will bring you to 35$-40$ per person!! i don't mind spending when the food is great but when it's just average, then LIMON we have a problem!even the Margaritas are average but at 12$ a glass... can get way better for half the price.the restaurant itself is very nice, i would recommend going with a group because it's quite noisy. but the seats... oh my God, so uncomfortable, no cushion and so big you are too far from the table when you wanna eat!!!service was nice, a bit slow, but ok for a Sat nighti really love mexican food and i can say i was disapointed with Limon, maybe the expectations were too high! too bad, i will not be coming back and will not recommend it
Hands down the best BYOW resto in Mtl. bar none. the food is amazing (i would stay away from the duck liver, cooking was not perfect) and the prices are very good for this type of resto.they always have a nice selction of appetizers and entrees; i always end up taking the  5 course menu and its always UNDER 50$never wrote a review before for this resto but i've been there for lunches, dinners and never was disapointed!!5 stars to U
Long time comingbeen away from yelping for no particular reasons!! decided to regive it a goso Mr Smith... been there a couple of times during summer season (nice cozy terrasse in the back, noizier one on the street) i love the atmosphere, very local, no dress code, just good times. food is pretty good (not a huge menu, but does the main thing wich is filling up the belly and giving u more reasons to drink!!)during hockey nights they have some tvs AND a huge screen so check it out. but what i love most is hanging late nights with great music, no place to dance but you make place and a pretty nice crowd... oh and it's walking distance from my place... so bring on the Jamieson shots!!That's why they call him Mister
The resto just opened like a month ago. already a fan of their other BYOB (Quartier Gnral on the Plateau)food and prices are really amazing; 4 course meal for less than 40$ fantastic service, our waiter was very polite and very knowledgeable; explained all courses very wellu pick a main dish add 12$ and u end up with: starter (soup or salad), appetizer, main dish, dessertu can go ala carte if u want, but really recommend the table d'hotemostly market cuisine, very simple in most case, but very tasty.i had a pied de veau (veal foot!!) wich is one of the best appetizer i'va had!! very difficult to explain (kind of pulled veal with a bit of fat, made in a fried square??!! kapish?!!)took the rabbit for main, same rabbit that they serve at Quartier Gnral, and it's always sooo goood; not dry at all, stuffed with yummiesthey only "letdown" was my baba o rum for dessert, it was good but not at the level of the other 2 courses.my GF had a duck tartare for app wich was excellent and the beef cheeck for main that was very good and tender, but maybe had a little too much fat?dessert was a chocolate type of cake/mousse/fondant wich was perfect for a chocolate lover!hands down the best BYOB in the area... and in my TOP3 in MTL
Went there with the family for a quick supper on a beautiful Summer Night in the MTLwanted to try this place to compare with the other BBQ-Texas style restos (Boucan and Icehouse)vibe/atmosphere very Rockabilly tkx to the great waitresses (super friendly)since it was nice we sat outside so did not get a good look at the resto, terrace is ok nothing special and smaller than expectedwe started off with disappointing drinks (true what one of the reviewer said, pictures do not reflect the drinks) served in Masson jar (so original, never seen it B4...) and they were at room temperature!!! i asked for a glass of ice to refresh them, but those summer drinks should be icecold and i would of put some special salt/spices on the rim of the jar to kick things up. the menu is very diversified, plenty to choose from and maybe too much? we tried :hush puppies were ok a bit flavory but nothing greathad a bite of my daughter's pulled pork taco and it was very tasty, specially with the nice coleslaw on topGF took the pulled pork sandwich and it was H-U-G-E lots and lots of tasty meat (miam)daughter took the shrimp popcorn; was ok but would not reorderi had the BEST meal!! the fried chicken and rib combochicken has a nice breading, huge portion, very moist (would of liked it a bit spicier). if u wanna compare it to Icehouse, this one has lots of breading ala Shake N Bake (wich is pretty good), Icehouse has more skin and more tangbut the STAR of the night were those great ribs... Viva Las Smoker!! man o man still drooling ala Homer over them; great smoky-charcoal taste, meat falls of the bone, no glazing just good ol char (it's served with a nice bbq sauce, but still ate them plain)u can choose from various sides, we had corn, jalapeno cornbread and fries (mix of regular and sweet potato) all 3 were very good specially the sweet potato friesall in all good night at Diablo (would've given 3 1/2 stars but can't)i should try it again with live music and no kid!!! and extra serving of RIBS
1st official review of a Montreal Restaurant!! usually i do them when i go on vacation!!and Nora deserves it. almost a 5 star rating, but came close1st of all, i love the place it has a 60's-70's basement look and vibe (music in the place was good, but some might complain about it) and the staff too is a bit old fashioned!!food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G (except for the large pasta portion, that was too small for my liking and priced a bit high) but those meatballs... and that piglet was HUGE and delicious. also had a good (not great) rabbit. the wine selection was pretty neat but i think the prices were a tad high considering that only 3-4 wines were under 40$ (i like to have a cheaper bottle a the end mostly when i took 2 that were over 60$). one last small complaint... a 5$ latt... really? hey, i love to spend money on food and boos but those small things really bother mei had read some reviews about noise and slow service, but on that night it was PERFECT (we had the 2nd seating around 9pm)would love to go back with a group of friends, but the place is quite smallish (i would recommend 4 to 6 people to really enjoy the place)and my GF wants to add that Hal Gill was there and he's soooooooooooo cute!Forza Nora
As Good as it getsfirst of all, Rima is fantastic (pretty and nice!!) she is really good to suggest a cake depending of type of guests, event, etc the shop is small and very old fashioned (nicelly decorated) it has a small town feeling to itlets talk about the CAKE because it was simply amazing (you can be pretty and nice but if the cake doesn't hold up...)i was recommended the chocolate cayeenne pepper. Snapple can go back to the school bench; the cake was simply a party in your mouth!!!i still can't explain how good it was!! the cake's texture was just perfect, not too light, not too dense. the chocolate (not sure if it was Valrhonna??) had a nice sweet and bitter taste, but the star was the addition of the cayenne pepper WOW it stars slowly to kick in and then BOOM a small fire starts in your mouth (yes it's not for lighthearted or for kids) but don't be a wuss cause it's worth the try (it would go really well with a nice Tawny port)shop is open from Wed to Sun (cash only and arrive early so u can get a wider choice of cakes) she also sells cupcakes (my daughter enjoyed the vanilla one)but i think she gets out of the box with those wonderful cakes.merci Rima
was disapointed with my last visit to Canaillesused to be one of my fav BYOW (i can walk to the resto) but did not like the "new" shorter menu; nothing was eye-popping, jaw-droppingthe food was ok, but a 14$ appetizer of sweet breads that has only 3 small pieces that are not too tender... the rest of the food was good (they always have good tartares) surprinsingly the service was average, our waiter seemed to be way over his head and seemed to not appreciate the fact that we were speaking French and ENGLISH at our table...) (he actually was gone by the time we finished our meal!!) thank God, the other waiter who attented to us later was WAY better and friendlier.it seems as if Canailles feels the pressure of a new BYOW restaurant opening soon in the area... i feel he changed his menu, lowered the prices (wich should be a good news!) but the quality was lowered too...will probably give it another try, but i feel i've been too many times and maybe it's time to move on...
We will not stay here again. Parking was insane and we we couldn't get valet because we weren't casino members. Other casinos in Vegas we have not had this issue. We had to park way out behind the wheel and cart our items in the heat. The parking garage was conveniently full. We got in and staff was not overly friendly. In the room the hardwood floor was nice but our shower leaked all night and the walls were dingy. We won't stay here again, you get what you pay for in Vegas.
THE BEST! If you're looking for an amazing makeup partner for a special event, look no further than Bryanna Casey Makeup!!!In addition to having killer instincts of what works best on her clients, she is a complete pleasure to work with. She is doing my makeup for my June wedding, and I couldn't be more excited. She recently devoted an afternoon to my makeup trial, where she walked me through every step of the way and made sure I was feeling comfortable and glam throughout the entire process. I especially loved how flawless the airbrush application made my skin look. She was really able to create a look that was "me" - just the best version of me!Her diverse background (New York fashion week, special effects, etc) ensures she is up on all the makeup trends, including lash application. I can't wait to get my set in a few short months and look -- and more importantly, feel -- my best for my big day.  I would wholeheartedly recommend Bryanna for any job.
First time here was this week and I'll definitely be back.  Very clean and easy to find.  The menu is primarily tacos, burritos, etc.  Got a combination of the asada and pork tacos.  Both were excellent.  Service was quite friendly.
Finally tried the cozy little coffee shop after driving by it for years.  So glad I did.  incredibly friendly staff/owner who is pleasant and eager to have you as a customer.  Answers any question you have thoroughly and with patience.  Got a really tasty Mexican bean coffee and veggie scramble.  Both were quite tasty.
JT's effin rocks.  All the food is very good, great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town, bar none!  They are flavorful and addictive!
I've been here 5 times now and it's excellent every time.  The service is friendly and the food comes out fast.  The fish tacos are the star of the menu.  Tasty and delicious.  The carne asada tacos are also very good.  The shrimp burrito is frickin' amazing but order is without the lettuce.
I had heard about this place from quite a few people so I thought I'd finally give it a shot.  My only regret is taking so long before I went there.  The food is great tasting and very authentic tasting.  The service is fast and friendly.  Everything was fresh made and the gyros are yummy!
I've been here 3-5 times now.  Same owners as Roka Akor, one of my all time favorite restaurants, so you know that quality is going to be there as they settle for nothing but the best.  Very casual and quite atmosphere.  Service is fast and friendly.  Food is flavorful and has depth to it.  You can go no heat to quite hot.  Severs are good about explaining the dishes and levels of heat, flavors, etc.  Give this place a shot if you like Indian Food or aren't sure if you do because they will make you a believer!
Ok.  I'll preface this up front.  I have long hair and to say I'm a bit picky as to who I'll let cut it is a severe understatement.  I would rather not get it cut than to get a bad haircut.  I have really fine hair and if I get layers cut in it looks like Jim Carey's doo from Dumb and Dumber(hot i know!) and if I get a person who doesn't quite know how to cut long hair, I end up rocking a Joe Dirt type mullet.  Since I live in AZ and not Arkansas or West Virginia, neither one of these backwoods styles work for me.  I'm also committed to not going short and spiky like the Jersey Shore cast because I'm still working on perfecting my fist pump.  I'll admit I'm close but not quite there. I"m Caucasian so this is as far as I can go...believe me, my dancing is far to white man overbite.  But I digress.  Back to my awesome new hair experience.First, let me tell you that they are prompt at returning your call and very polite, friendly and organized.  They are just South of Roosevelt on the West side of 9th Street with plenty of street parking and located in a cool little house that they did nice renovation work to.  Straight forward and simple and tastefully done.  LeAnne greeted me and let AJ know I was there for my appointment.  This is a small salon and AJ is the only stylist so you need not worry about a busy environment or chaos going on around you.  I introduce myself and feel immediately at ease as AJ is extremely nice and friendly.  She washed my hair and sits me down in the chair.  I tell her my relevant hair info and history and she start cutting.  While cutting my hair, she and I have a great conversation regarding local restaurants and places we enjoy.  This girl knows her food which I completely appreciate.  She's vegan but it's all good as I'm not always one who needs to eat flesh.  I didn't share my theory with her though but it basically goes, "If God didn't want us animals, he wouldn't have made them out of tasty meat.".  Anyway, AJ and LeAnne will make a good Yelpers as they know their local restaurant scene and appreciate great food, service, and ambiance.  Back to my hair.  I wasn't even paying attention as AJ was cutting my hair because we were having such a great conversation.  Well, 20 minutes or so pass and she's finished.  Excellent haircut.  Honestly, the best haircut I've had in 20 years.  F off, I know I just dated myself with that statement.  This girl can cut hair and knows what looks good, is current with what's current in hair styles, but is honest enough to tell you if it won't look great on you prior to working on you.  Yes, she has an opinion and there's something to be said for that.  Everything previously reviewers mentioned(which is why I called and how I found this place-thanks Yelp!) are completely true.  She's a master with hair.  Better yet, AJ and LeAnne are both extremely nice people and have a great salon.  Go there.  You'll be glad you did.Ps  I forgot to mention:  they take AMEX and Visa/MC.  Not too many places take AMEX so for me it's good they do.  And their credit card machine is wireless.  Nerdy observation but cool and convenient as you can sign for your bill while your in the salon chair or wherever.  I dig it.
Doc's is fairly new to Phoenix and offers wholesale to restaurants, stores, etc. and has a retail space that they are turning into a cafe soon.  Nicest people I've met in a while.  Impeccably clean and well organized.  Interesting flavors that are all made much healthier than your normal comparable products.  They offer gelato and sorbet and a few other things.  Flavors ranges from normal to interesting and creative-all are superb!
I've been to this bike store for coffee and bike service multiple times.  The coffee/cafe is very simple so don't come thinking it is competing with coffee shops or you will be disappointed.  Think more about convenience and you'll be fine.  Coffee and food is decent, service is good.  Keep in mind the person whose expertise is bike sales and service will be making your coffee and food.  Bike sales and service-straigt forward and no nonsense.  If you are looking for a cheap bike, this is isn't the place.  If you are looking for a daily, exercise or competitive bike for commuting, mountain or road biking come here.  They have excellent knowledge and bikes.  This review is mostly about my interaction that had nothing to do with anything move than customer service and kindness.  I had previously bought a competition road bike a couple years ago and had them assemble it.  Fair and reasonable with good service.  I was rear ended in by an SUV at the end of last year and suffered an TBI/concussion.  I am unable to cycle and needed to return the bike to the company I purchased it from.  I had a box and a bike but no tools to disassemble it.  I asked what turned out to be the owner if he would possible help.  He kindly accepted and proceeded to not only disassemble but package and secure the bike free of charge.  He had a similar accident and injury a few years earlier and could relate.  No charge just a person who was kind and understanding.  We talked about various things for 30 minutes and he wished me well.   If I could give 10 stars for this review, I would.  There are still good people in this world and this proves it.
super friendly and proud of their food, as they should be.  they encourage you to sample and explain their food in detail.  good depth of flavors, fresh, and everything from mild to spicy.  generous portions to say the least.
This is the best package liquor store in Phoenix without a doubt.  Best prices and selection of beer, wine and hard alcohol from low end to ultra premium.  Ask if you don't see something and they'll help you find it.  Best selection of vodka and tequila in town.  If I could give these guys unlimited stars, I would!
Find Jerry through a Groupon special and purchased based upon the stellar reviews.  He is a long way from my area but I'll be returning without hesitation.  Jerry is a very nice person and very professional.  One of the best massages of all time.  Felt amazing after the first one and went back for massage and cupping as I've been dealing with injuries to both shoulders and feel much better now.  I could go on and tell you how amazing his service is but book for yourself and find out.  You won't regret it!
I thought I reviewed this places eons ago and just realized I hadn't, so here goes.  This review is much deserved and long overdue.  I've been here about 10 times in the past year or so.  The owners are both there all the time and very cool.  They care about their customers and putting out a great tasting burger.  I always opt for the Paradise Bacon burger and it's never been anything but great.  The fries are also very good.
If you want excellent coffee, an interesting but off the wall conversation that is completely politically incorrect, and a great time with interesting knick-nacks to buy, this is your place.  John Sagasta, the Owner formerly of Sagasta Coffee, is a great barista and can talk about anything.  Bring your taste buds and an open mind and you'll have fun no matter what!
Can you review water?  I think so.  I hope so since we're mostly made up of water and so is the Earth.  Great price, service and one heck of a cute dog that will greet you at the door on occasion.
Purchased an online deal and decided to finally use it since I had bee to the old place that was here a few times.  I purchased two pounds of bacon, some black forest ham, smoked all beef hotdogs, etc.  Everything I've tried thus far tastes excellent.  They are super friendly and the place is immensely clean.  Give them a try.
I purchased a Groupon for Mojo Physio thinking it was a massage but I was wrong and I am so glad I was wrong.  Some things are just meant to be.  I ended up scheduling as appointment after I experienced a rotator cuff injury.  I literally couldn't move my arm in much of any direction without anguishing pain.  I went to their website and started reading on the therapy which sounded like it would be helpful.  They are located in the Scottsdale Airpark area around Scottsdale and Thunderbird.  I had my first appointment with Laura.  She is a nice, pleasant, and incredibly interesting person.  She did an initial assessment and then asked me a serious of questions about how I was feeling overall, my injury, etc.  And then away she went.  I noticed a significant improvement after my first treatment and have been in 3 others times: twice with Laura and once in their downtown location with Alex who is also excellent.   I recommend Mojo Physio one million percent.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I live in the neighborhood and have become a regular at Beckett's Table.  This review is long overdue, so better late than never.  I've been going into the restaurant since about a month after they opened.  I've been in countless times.  The food is incredible, the service is always genuine and friendly, and the atmosphere is laid back and welcoming.  Justin(the chef and restaurant namesake) and Scott(his front of the house manager and partner) are two of the nicest human beings you will ever meet.  They care and it shows!
I was referred to Tony by the Arizona Animal Welfare League and the lady I buy pet food from.  They both spoke highly of Tony's ability to work with dogs.  I called him up for training for my daughter's new puppy.  He was very nice, informative and responsive.  The initial consultation is free and the pet training is reasonably priced compared to other trainers I had spoken with.  Tony asks what your goals are for your dog and gives you an idea of the amount of work/training he thinks it will take to accomplish those goals.  He will come to your house or take your dog to another location to work with them.  The added bonus is that he was happy to incorporate my daughter into the training and was patient with both her and her puppy in demonstrating to her the proper commands, techniques and training tips to do "homework" with her puppy when he wasn't there.  I'd highly recommend him.  As a side note, he is used to working with dogs with extreme behavior or who may have special issues.  This is a lot of what he does for the AAWL.His email is posipaws@hotmail.com
I actually stumbled upon this place by chance.  I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite in between sessions of my daughter's swim championships.  I was going to go to the juice bar next door but it turned out to be a diet/nutrition place with a membership requirement, so I started talking to Eddie at Hummus Xpress.  He was so incredibly personable and accommodating that I had to give his restaurant a shot.  Everything smelled amazing so it made it an easier decision.First, let me reiterate....Eddie, the owner, is forthright, honest, and incredibly nice.  As previously mentioned, the concept is like a Mediterranean Chipotle with the difference being this is locally owned and sourced food with lots of organic, vegan friendly, and fresh food.  You pick your choice of bowl, plate, or pita and then add main meat or vegetable component, added toppings such as hummus(6 kinds made fresh daily), tabouli, etc.  From there, you pick topping of sauces, hot sauces, olives, tzatziki amd more.  Eddie will let you sample whatever you would like.  The gyro mean is so tasty but I rolled with the slow roasted braised beef.  All I can say is you must try this place, whether or not you are in the area.  It will be well worth your time.
I originally saw John a couple years ago and posted a review then.  I feel guilty as I've been busy and haven't been back to see him until today.  Long overdue.  I've recommended John to quite a few friends and everyone has had an exceptional experience.  I went back today for a hot stone massage and, to no surprise, it was outstanding.  Everything about the experience was top notch.  The decor and aesthetic of John's studio is tasteful and automatically puts you in a relaxed state of mind.  John himself is a very calming person who asks relevant questions and tailors his treatment based on the answers you give him.  Here it is 3 hours after my treatment and I feel amazing.  On top of excellent service and treatment, as read in my previous review, John's an insightful, very sincere person who is genuinely one of the good people out there and those are hard to find!
Ok.  I've been going to this cleaners for month's now and I'm impressed, at least as you can be with dry cleaning.  Prices are fair, service is friendly, and they will even do your stuff the same day if you prefer.  They even notate your preferences in their computer so they know how you like your clothes prepared, i.e. starch or no on your shirts, etc.  For people who care, they use environmentally friendly cleaning solution and such.By the way, if you need an alterations person, Monika works on site and is there most days until late afternoon.  She is friendly and very proficient.  Does an excellent job whether it's a pair of jeans or a suit.  Again, reasonable prices and turnaround time.
had to order a replacement fountain from them recently.  special order and came out great.  reasonable prices and great service.  best fountain and specialty landscape store in town.
Sales-Adora Fryant I have now bought or leased 6 cars from this dealership, all from Adora. My most recent experience was unplanned as my car was totaled in a rear end collision. The first thing Adora did when she heard was offer any assistance she could that was NON sales related. She was genuinely concerned for my well being as a friend which was highly appreciated. She knows her product and does the best job of getting to know you, the customer. There is never a sales pitch. She's honest and thorough and will work her tail off to get you the best price possible. Trust me as I have never been one to pay a penny more than I have to. Patience, integrity, and incredibly thorough answering any and all questions. Excellent follow up after the purchase.
I've been here twice since September.  The first time was for my birthday and the last time was about 3 weeks ago.  Everything about this place is great: the design, the service and the food.  The bar is small so the inventory is a bit limited but the food more than makes up for it.  Get the chorizo stuffed dates and mac n' cheese.   As my friend put it, "this is like an epicurean explosion in your mouth".  Very true.
This is another bottom feeder collection law firm who only works for homeowners associations and makes their money by pursuing leans against honest homeowners who were the victims of bylaws or administrative errors by their clients, the homeowners associations.  If you happen to be in their office in person, check them for a pulse because these guys are heartless.  What a bunch of obstinate douche bags!
This pains me to write this review and I am giving 2 stars out of fairness and previously solid history with LGO as I live a few blocks away.  I have been there hundreds of times previously.  I have had many wonderful experiences previously and have referred dozens of friends to LGO, Chelsea's Kitchen, Postino, etc.  So, it's this past Sunday morning and I run in real quick for a few breakfast items, those being English muffins and a regular iced mocha latte.  The place was packed as usual but seemed more so because of far too much merchandise and no where for people to wait or even stand.  The service was friendly.  In case you haven't tried the English muffins, they come in a 5 pack and they are very tasty-a must have and great toasted.  My heart burn on this visit begins at the register.  Two two items together totaled $18.02.  I was shocked so I asked the girl at the coffee bar register if she rang it in right and she assured me she did. She was very nice about it but OMG WTF?  I paid and came home.  The mocha was way too sweet and not even comparable to Starbuck's(which I do not like for the record).  So, essentially, I paid $18.02 for a pack of English muffins.  Ridiculous!  Will I go back?  Most assuredly I will but it will be a bit before I do.
Went to this cute little bake shop this morning as I was in the early.  It's tucked away in the Scottsdale Airpark area.  Decor: quaint and homey.  Comfortable.  Clean as can be.Service: Dana(owner I believe) and Sophie were both friendly and easy to talk to.  Explained everything and any question I had in detail.  Food: Honestly, very tasty.  I ordered a Black Forest ham, egg, and cheese croissant that was delicious-buttery, savory.  Also ordered 3 cookies-2 sea salt chocolate chip toffee and one chocolate chip.  Just ate a sea salt toffee.  My intention was to have one bite.  Intention turned into eating the whole cookie in a matter of minutes.  Guilty pleasure: 1  Intention: 0
I was referred to Robert and what a great referral it was.  Robert is a genuinely nice person and can carry on an intelligent conversation on most subjects.  He's also pretty quick witted and funny.  I tell you this, mind you, so you realize that if you choose to carry on a conversation during your session, the guy is cool.  Robert is very into yoga and healthy lifestyle to it fits his approach and therapy technique well.  Imagine a mid 40's gray haired Yoda and you have Robert.  Mix that in with a great massage therapist well versed in Eastern healing methods such as cupping and you get a kick ass session.  Thanks Robert!
Need anything in bulk such as paper products or containers, etc.?  This is the place to get it at a cheap price.  They have most regular grocery items and a surprising number of natural and organic things that you wouldn't expect them to have.
I've used a few locksmiths in the past and all have been acceptable but that's about it.  Jeff, on the other hand, effin ROCKS!  I called him to rekey all of the locks in my house on a Saturday afternoon.  He agrees to come over in an hour and a half.  Same rate on weekends as during the week.  He was running 15 minutes late and called me prior to let me know.  Courtesy goes a long ways with me so I am liking this guy already.  Jeff shows up at 2:45PM and is ready to roll.  I have Baldwin deadbolt locks that key on both sides.  They are a bit sensitive to say the least.  9 locks and 6 keys and 10% discount for mentioning Yelp.  One lock is really old and he made it work after spending an extra hour on it for no additional charge.  He cares that the work is done right and the customer is happy.  He makes your keys on site and they all work perfectly.  Extremely nice person, exceptional service, great skills and he will treat you right.  Thanks Jeff!
I've been coming to this establishment for almost 20 years.  Locally and family owned and operated.  Nicest people in the world.  They care for the right reasons, they remember you and your regular order and they make great food.  I can't believe I'm just now writing a review.  Don't expect anything fancy-just a straight forward and amazingly tasty sandwich with quality ingredients.  They have, hands down, they best Italian hoagie in the Valley.  They will make any of the sandwiches in salad form as well.
No need for a long review.  Best BBQ Phoenix has or will ever see.  Hell, best BBQ I have ever had and I've had it in Memphis, Texas, KC, etc.  Ribs and outstanding but if you have to have one thing, go for the brisket as it will change your life!
Ok.  I've been waiting for this place to open for the past few months with great anticipation.  What a fucking let down.  Seriously, I have been thinking the past few hours what was worse, the food or the service.  Tough call but I've decided the service.  The hostess, the worn out waitress who would rather socialize with her fellow douche bag waiters than ever once ask me if I needed a refill on water or was enjoying my less than tasty meal, or the manager kissing the ass of the ready for hospice old man in the corner who wasn't eating shit.  Seriously, the Tomaso's used to be my neighbors down the street for years.  They are nice but their food and new restaurant sucks.  If I had taken my dog there and he immediately licked his ass and balls afterwards, I would be envious that he was able to get the taste out of his mouth faster than me!  The only reason I gave this place 1 star is because 0 isn't an option...
So, I'm sitting around all day Jones-ing for their food again.  It's crazy how nice they are.  The order was short rib taco, the Standard burger with cheese, and a Standard burger with cheese wrapped in lettuce.  After I signed my credit card receipt and they were getting my order ready, he opens the window and asks I would like a gluten-free bun, obviously noting the one that was wrapped in lettuce was most likely due to a gluten allergy.  He was absolutely correct.  They wrapped it in lettuce, as originally requested, and sent a gluten-free bun also.  Both observant and kind.  Come to find out, 99% of their menu is gluten-free so people with allergies or Celiac's will be happy to know that.  Thanks again The Stand-Eva, Ron, and staff.  Please go and support this place for my own selfishness of being able to keep going there myself!
Ok.  I'm finally getting in tune with Yelp and I'm writing a long overdue review of one of my favorite restaurants of all time-Matt's Big Breakfast.  When I think of what is important to me in a restaurant, it's two things plain and simple-food and service-and Matt's excels at both.  Honestly, these are the type of people, Matt and Ernie and their staff, that America's needs more of...good hearted, honest, hard working people who give a shit about their customers.  They're as American as Apple Pie!  The food: everything on the menu is very good but in my mind two things stand out and they are as good as it gets in Phoenix...the waffle and the cheeseburger.  Oh, and the bacon.  A cheeseburger brushed with butter.  Get the fuck outta town.  This is the mother fuckin shit y'all.  I consider myself a burger afficianado and this burger is the bombay.  There is an occasional wait because Guy Fieri pimps this place on the Food Network all the time but hell, why wouldn't he, it's the shit.  I pimp it all the time myself.  I may get a Matt's Big Breakfast logo on my pimpstick it's so good.  The best times to go are during the weekdays in the early morning around 7AM or after 1:00PM.  GoGOGOGOGOGOOGOG....you'll be glad you did!
It got to the point of not being tolerable at my office the other day, so I go to turn on the A/C.  Nothing.  I had recently switched out the old dial thermostat to a digital one a few weeks earlier.  I obviously am not at mechanically inclined as I thought because there was nothing-no fan, no air.  Not good.  I called Steve and he returned my call promptly.  I wasn't able to meet that evening, which he was willing to do if I wanted.  Keep in mind, it was already 7:30PM.  I'm not sure how many people have had A/C problems but, for those of us who have, we appreciate timeliness and good service.  A short turnaround is generally a week.  This is the time of year that people, like me, go to turn on their A/C units and find out they aren't working or need to be serviced before the summer heat.  To say HVAC guys are busy this time of year is an understatement.  That's how I found Steve originally as Lynn from Cool Guys doesn't service my area and was 2 weeks out.  He recommended Steve and I went with him based on that because Lynn highly recommended him.  Keep in mind I used my previous HVAC guy since 1998.   I'm a loyal customer but had been skeptical of my old guy for a few years.  Steve and I both had a full schedule but he came over at my first available opening last night around 7:00PM.  I was running late and let him know.  When I arrived, he was already diligently inspecting the outside unit.  It was in need of a few parts but Steve tried the old ones with me first to make sure we could salvage what could still be used.  This guy is as honest as the day is long.  On top of that, he's polite, considerate and has the utmost integrity while being outstanding at what he does.  He explains thing so you can understand them and goes through each part of the problem so you are aware of what is being done.  No sales pitch or pressure to buy a new unit, parts, etc.  He has always had the right parts with him and they aren't aggressively marked up.  I'm sure if you called around everywhere to price stuff out yourself, you may be able to find some parts the same price, some a few bucks less, and some a lot more.  But, in reality, are you going to dive somewhere to pick the parts up yourself when you are sweating your butt off?  Probably not.  By the time you made the calls and drove their, you would be in the whole with your own time and money.  Getting parts from anyone servicing your house or call is generally going to be a lot more expensive-A LOT.  I've owned the same house since 1997(it was built in 1963), so believe me that I know what I'm talking about.  The fact that Steve doesn't try to make money on parts speaks volumes about his character.  If there was a Yelp award for being a great person, Steve would win it hands down.  The guy is a Saint!  Within 40 minutes, he had fixed and replaced the outside parts and rewired my thermostat inside.  41 minutes and it's blowing cold air!Thanks Steve.  You have serious good Karma coming your way.  If you need anything with your A/C-having a problem, service call, new unit-I'd highly recommend calling Steve.  It's one of the few things in life you will ever being completely happy you did.
Where do I begin?  Way too many to list so I'll do a checklist.Decor? Very well done and tasteful.Service? It rocks.  Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.Food? Tasteful, creative, yummy!Worst thing which was still acceptable was the parking.I cannot explain to you how much I love this place and everything about it.  Read my reviews of my other favorite restaurants The Tuck Shop and NOCA and add this in the top 3.  I digress.  The guacamole made at your table kicks fucking ass!  Absurd how flavorful and you pick your own ingredients to make it how you want it.  I also like the fact that the patrons are in more than Tommy Bahama and khaki shorts.  Thank you Jesus for people giving consideration to not wearing the same attire they left the baseball game in.  If you are a foodie or restaurant afficiando, this is your new place.  Oh and by the way, no out of place looking people.  Call me superficial but this place feels right, is right and is the CHIZNIT!  peace out....
Hi.  This review is really more about Dr. Hummus, which is a side business of the owner.  The hummus is without a doubt the best I've ever had and it's incredibly healthy and low calorie.  I've had most of the flavors and have yet to find one I don't like a lot.  They make a raw food hummus that is traditional tasting and yummy.  Sabeur, the owner, and Craig, the marketing manager and guy you'll most likely meet at the local farmers markets, are both genuinely nice, good people.  I went to the Farmer's Market last weekend to find they were out of the raw hummus.  Craig profusely apologized for running out and told me about the restaurant.  I drove their and Sabeur was expecting me as Craig called to let him know I was coming.  He ran to the Dr. Hummus location close by and brought what he had remaining.  Great customer service, incredibly polite and to top it off his chef gave me a pizza at no cost to try.  Vegan pizza and it was flavorful.  It's rare to meet such genuinely people.  Treat them well and they will reciprocate!
Ok.  I've been to this restaurant twice in 5 days an I have been thinking of the right way to right a review the last 3 days.  I'm still not sure but in the best possible way.  I'll break it down into 3 parts:1. Design/Decor: 25 thousand stars.  I met the owner, Ryan, my second night.  He is 32 and for whatever reason or prodigal awareness simply amazing.  He gets it in every sense of the word.  He designed this restaurant himself with every minute detail turning into the big picture in mind.  Classic design, excellent but subtle ambiance, and comfort.  The lighting, the menu layout, the bar and wait station convenience and many more things are perfect.  I have worked as a waiter and bartender in my earlier days(and in case you are wondering I effin' rocked!) and this place is set up for efficiency and customer happiness.  2. The food and drinks: I met the Chef Charles and again, this guy is the Bombay.  Excellent taste, creativity and inventiveness in the menu while using as many local ingredients as possible.  Kudos.  The manager and my bartender for the evening the first night on Friday, Jason, was personable, knowledgeable, and makes one helluva Sangria.  And I'll be damned if they are not both Midwesterners from Minnesota.  I am from Iowa originally so we are all good.  Charles states and I quote, "there is something about Iowa sweet corn and it's the best in the world".  Need I say more?  In case you are budget minded, happy hour drinks are a great deal and the food menu is tasty and will fill you up for under $5.  Great soups, ribs, pork slider, ahi tacos, etc.3. The service: World class.  Personable. This is the Hidden Gem of Phoenix.  Please frequent this place and keep it in business because it's amazing.  Top 5 in Phoenix for restaurant experience along with Tuck Shop, NOCA, Tarbell's...
Excellent service, tasty burgers of all kinds, and best soda selection I've ever seen.
I've been to NOCA three times since this Summer.  I'd say 2 times were ridiculously good and the other was just awesome.  All food at NOCA is fresh, flavorful and well prepared without being overwhelmed by too many ingredients.  Simple, straight forward, interesting and creative food.  The steak is excellent by the way.  I'll give two examples of their creativity.  First, the mussels: Please know I'm ok with mussels but don't go out of my way to find the best place that has them because I find most places prepare them similarly-a bit of butter, shallots, white wine, simmer/steam/serve.  NOCA however is not the same in a great way.  Chorizo bits in the broth you say? WTF I say?  Hmmm, interesting I think.  Then I ADD think- I love my swine, pork makes anything taste better, I must try these.  ADD then takes me a bit farther into the conversation at the end of Pulp Fiction between John Travolta(Vincent Vega) and Samuel L. Jackson(Jules Winnfield) about why Jules won't eat swine.  Ok, no more ADD...I'm back.  That was all of about one minute in my head.  Disturbing I know.  So, the mussels arrive and taste excellent.  The chorizo makes that dish oh so flavorful and savory.  My other example is the Lobster Roll, which is served only on Wednesdays.  Again, I'm not a person who goes out of my way for Lobster but after reading about it on here, I decide to partake.  Sweet Baby Jesus, this is the Bombay.  Take the lobster by itself and it would be very good but put it inside the brioche bread soaked in herb butter and it is the best!  I know believe in a higher power.  Can they serve this on Sunday for brunch and I'll attend services here?  So, in short or long if you will, the food is awesome from appetizers through dessert.  The staff is friendly, courteous and on top of it.  The Owner, Elliott, knows his food and wine(one of the best wine lists in Phoenix) and is a great host and has an outstanding sense of humor.  Go here often!
I've used their services twice in the past month and this review is well deserved and long overdue.  They are courteous, helpful, and diligent.  They genuinely want your home to be clean and want an honest and fair critique of how you feel about their work.   Let me be the first to tell you: their work is awesome.  They are great with windows, floors, doors, baseboards, bathrooms, dusting, you name it.  There were hard water spots that have been on my outside front windows for years and low and behold, they are now squeaky clean.Highly recommend!!!!
I don't understand all the negative reviews about Fox.  Look ... you get what you pay for.  With Fox, you are going to get the absolute best price on a rental car.  Is it going to be the best car?  No.  Will your car have high mileage and probably a few dings/dents?  Most likely.  Are you going to have to wait a little while longer standing in line to pick up your car?  Probably.  But we paid $269 to rent a mid-sized car in San Diego and drop it in Vegas ... two weeks later.  All the other major rental car companies wanted to charge 3-4x that amount.
So after reading the reviews on Yelp, two snooty foodie New Yorkers walk into Seviche and take a look at the menu.  Ceviche, black bean hummus, and chorizo Mac n'cheese ... seems a little desperate and reaching, no? Kind of a limited menu perhaps?"Meh, this seems underwhelming, should we try somewhere else?  Well, we are here and ceviche does sound good, so let's stick it out."WOW.  Glad we did.  How are they making money on the lump crab ceviche?!?  Fire & Ice Crab and Tuna Verde were both off the hook.Oh, and Teresa is AMAZING.  Absolutely fantastic server/bartender.  Never had to ask for anything as she was completely proactive in handling our needs.Salmon was flawlessly cooked: a little crispy on the outside but super moist within.  My partner in crime thought it was over-sauced, but I was cool with it.  Speaking of sauce, ask for the habanero chocolate mole/hot sauce ... pure crack.Finally, hands down, best Pozole I've had outside of Mexico, and better than 99% of what I have had there (and I use to work in Mexico City!).Don't think twice.  Go hungry, leave happy.
Worth the hype and the wait.  Extremely high quality and tasty BBQ at unbeatable prices!  Menu does stray a bit at times (eg cream cheese wantons and spicy tuna served on top fried rice balls), but the core meats (kalbi, bulgogi) and bibimbop (particularly the bulgogi bibimbop!) are all awesome.  Make sure to order a large Hite and do some Korean Soju bombs as well!
Great way to spend a couple hours in downtown Vegas.  Exhibit was extremely informative and interesting.  There is so much history and culture to Vegas that you'll never fully appreciate if you spend your whole stay on the Strip.  Make sure to use the Yelp $2 off coupon!
Great place to meet someone for coffee!  Great variety of coffee! I have recommended this place to many friends and colleagues.We use their coffee at our office too!
Checking into the Green Monster.  Lines, Bling, Noise... Wait you are in "The Signature"... Oh yes, this is much more civilized.  Quiet, no casinos, no smoking! Room - excellent.  Bathroom very roomy - Jacuzzi tub was incredible.  Outfitted with a great kitchen,  Bed very comfortable!  Free Wifi... If I ever return to Vegas this is my new home.
4 for service - Leo was excellent. 3 for Food.  5 for Margaritas...  This Margarita was smooth - not sour, just excellent.  Waiter recommended excellent South American Pinot with the Pork Pebil - slow roasted heaven in a banana leaf.  Throw some of that in a corn tortilla and savor.  Ceviche was OK.  Serve my favorite thick style chips with a trio of excellent salsas and salts.  Decor was fun - modern, red, water and slide show of fruits that was, well a little bit suggestive, but hey this is Vegas right...
I like Pittsburgh.  It isn't trying to be anything else and it really doesn't care what you think.  I like the steel and the long quiet factories and warehouses of the industrial revolution which have become restaurants or quietly stand guard around the city.I don't know who did the design for Eleven but it's a great space.  A transformed warehouse in the Strip - the space is airy and the lighting and tall windows beautiful.  The walls are a gun metal grey and high on one wall is what looks like a scrolling metal gate.  There are lots of cozy booths and overall the noise level in the dining room is good for conversation.  I was fortunate to be here in summer and all around the outside of the restaurant were the most beautiful pots - cascading foliage of green and burgundy shades.  I know they don't need to do this, but I noticed this detail.  In summer there is a nice terrace that is shielded from the street by these pots.I love open kitchens.  This is an ingredient based restaurant that has access to the best of Pennsylvania farms. It was fun to see baskets of peaches lining the stainless steel shelves in front of the kitchen.  Of course we had the peach ice cream sandwich for dessert!The service was great - friendly and just the right amount of checking in.  Wine list offers choice for all budgets.  We chose a Russian River Pinot Noir - Row Eleven and it was excellent.   I appreciated being served the bread of our choice instead of a basket on the table.    They offer a selection and all were great - semolina, salted foccacia, and a wheat with currants. The menu offered great choice among tasting menus and tasting entrees.  I love this concept and so we had the Seafood Tasting entree. Everything was beautifully plated and excellent.  Perfectly done salmon atop cucumbers and potatoes, Halibut with roasted tomatoes and a crab cake among the best I've had.  I wish more restaurants would do this.  We also had an excellent salad which they offered to split.  For start we had the lamb taco and everything about this dish worked.  Every bite was heaven - pulled lamb, lentils, corn, cilantro....I was hoping to try the Happy Hour which looked great... All around an excellent meal in a beautiful space.
I have ordered from here before for delivery without an issue. Last night I ordered for my family on yelp and waited over and hour with no sign of the delivery . The estimate said it was about an hour so I waited to call the restaurant. When I did call the guy you answered made me repeat the address and my order over 5 times before telling me he never got our order! I had a conformation number and email . I'll never be ordering from here again. Terrible experience.
Just returned from watching the 6 nations match against Wales. what an AWSOME venue, the view was fantastic and the entrances and exits were well signposted and easy to get too.
Booked the four poster room for a couple of nights when we went to Murrayfield to watch the 6 nations rugby match against Wales. The staff were very friendly and the room was beautiful and HUGE. They serve an amazing scottish breakfast and its an excellent location within easy walking distance of the city centre and the stadium. Quite expensive but well worth the cost.
I love my facials at Skin Bliss! Mary is extremely professional and very knowledgable about skin care. Also love her her products. She pampers me, makes sure I'm comfortable and always provides a good laugh. You can't ask for more than that!
I had the most wonderful experience here! I was visiting from San Diego and needed a last minute airbrush the day before my friends wedding. I called the day of and Kirstin happily scheduled me in. I arrived and was greeted with a glass of champagne !! Kirstin happened to be the one spray tanning me! She was extremely warm, inviting, and professional. They had me change into a cute robe and enjoy my beverage in a nice waiting room before my service . During the service I chit chatted with Kirstin like we were  best friends who went way back! She made me feel comfortable and gave me the BEST airbrush I have ever had! I received so many compliments that night and at the wedding the next day ! Wish I lived closer! I highly recommend & will come back every time I am in Scottsdale! Thank you!!!
Showed up with friends on a Saturday afternoon, sign at the door states open noon until 10 pm, clearly not so. Opted for the OPEN and friendly Kibo Sushi House nearby. Pity that March couldn't be bothered to accept lucrative business as advertised. FAIL.
If you are vegetarian or vegan the choices are very limited and not that great .good marketing so they will draw you in but you may be disappointed .Noodles are salty vegetable fried rice you can hardly  find the rice feels like we order a salad .Sushi rolls are very average.... Good service friendly stuff
Excellent good food great service .Tomato salad excellent .Sea bass amazing ... A lot of good choices if you vegetarian
Terrible place to live! We got a so called "upgraded" apartment with horrible bubbled flooring, fans that fall from the ceiling, horrible workmanship. Woke up to water leaving through the kitchen light.  We have been here for 3 years, they never fix anything fully, completely over charge for what you get. We paid on time every time. Right when we put in the 60 day notice they raised the rent by $300. Horrible place if you want to advance in life. Don't do it! There seems to be police called all the time. Kids are rampant and vandalize. Things get stolen from porches. The lady's in the office are rude and unhelpful. I could go on and on. Can't wait to be out of this place.
Theresa and Maryann are the best. Very trustworthy, detail oriented, the best realtor team out there. Our home buying process was pulled off with no issues. My husband Larry and I would definitely recommend Theresa and Maryann.
First time visit. Arrived late on a Friday night for a light bite to eat. Hubby and I sat at the bar and was served by Christine, who was very friendly and provided us with great service.We split the Italian White Bean Kale Soup and the Broken Wedge salad. Both were amazing!The food came out very fast. Can not wait to go back and try the pizza and pasta dishes.
OK,  so I am always on the hunt for the next great breakfast spot,  so when this place hit my radar,  I wanted to check it out.  I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon,  not really knowing what to expect. I walked in to a large open space that was moderately busy as it was after the typical breakfast rush.  I was given a brief overview of the service style,  specials and items that were sold out; it was done in a very welcoming manner.  The counter service will take some getting used to for me,  but the menu and service more than makes up for this issue of mine.   I came in specifically for the Guava Chiffon Pancakes,  and the crab-benny caught my eye,  so a 1/2 order of both were in store.  Both were delicious, even though I believe the Eggs Benedict is what will keep me coming back,  also why you should stop in yourself. The pricing is on par for the portion size and overall a good value.  Service was solid and friendly and it was great to see the hands on pride of whom I believe to be the owner touching tables and leading by example.  All in all a solid little spot.  It gets 5 stars from me because for an operation that is less than two months old,  it is clear to me that they are doing something right.  I will be back.
Contacted Mike via Yelp via reviews along with 4 other companies.  I even contacted a few others outside of Yelp.  Of the 3 that actually responded, Mike was quick in his responses and professional. The others made me feel like I was asking a favor to schedule a tow.   Mike quoted me a price and we set a pickup time for 5:30.   Ryan, the driver called me at 5:28 to let me know he was a few minutes away stuck in traffic.  That was refreshing and appreciated.  When he showed up Ryan was on point. Olmstead wasn't the cheapest option but for the service I got my money's worth.   A few dollars more for a professional experience, I'm ok with that.  I hope I never have to call a tow truck again, but if I do, it's to these guys.
A Class Act of a business.  I actually got there at 9 in the morning and didn't even recognize that they weren't open yet.  The owner took care of me all the same.  My Mega 6.3 had a cracked screen and they sorted it out same day.  The price was right and I couldn't have been happier with the service.  Even though the replacement screen didn't seat *quite* right, the guys were professional enough to point it out, explain what was going on and offered some suggestions.  As of now, I wouldn't take my devices anywhere else.
Going to Gordon Ramsay Steak restaurant was the highlight of my trip. My husband and I are huge Gordon fans have been looking forward to this experience for a long time and it exceeded our expectations. We came in a group of 8 people for my 30th Birthday and everyone was so impressed. Service was fantastic. Everyone went above and beyond to explain the menu and their recommendations. My husband got a filet and scallops and he LOVED IT. Being my first time to a Gordon restaurant, I didn't even think twice about what I wanted, I had to get the beef Wellington. It better than I could have expected. Drinks were also delish along with the appetizers. I am happy to say Gordon does live up to high expectation. I can't wait to visit Vegas again so I can come back to eat here.. maybe even run into Gordon so he can meet his number 1 fan .
When I booked Monte Carlo I did read reviews and thought maybe some people were being picky or too harsh however after staying here pretty much all the bad reviews are accurate. Ive never left a bad review with any business but my first time to Vegas for my 30th Birthday was not a great experience because of this resort. When I booked we were told we would be in a new room. We were also told the pool would be down for renovations but we would be shuttled to the MGM pools because all of their pools will be open. So my group booked a cabana at the mgm adults only pool. When we arrived half of my group of 10 were given new rooms and the other were put in OLD rooms (including my husband and I). They also said they weren't doing the shuttle any longer. We got to our room and it was very outdated but the biggest issue is our toilet wouldn't work. I called the front desk 3 times before I finally got it to work but the rest of our trip it was on/off working. Plus our shower had hair on the walls which was disgusting but I wanted to try and make the best of our trip. Next day we had to walk to the MGM pool just to find out they closed the adults only pool the previous week and didn't bother to notify us. So they placed us in the one pool open and didn't offer a discount for the inconvenience. Our server at the pool was fantastic but he's not enough for me to return to Monte Carlo.. ever. Even our friends that stayed in the newer rooms weren't impressed. The decor is very cold and just put together thoughtlessly. Our friends that had an old room were put in a handicap room and had to deal with construction noise at 6:30am everyday.When we checked out I let the manager know about the issues we had and he comped our buffet at the MGM (not great) but didn't offer any comped room or discount to regain our business. So all in all Monte Carlo is a "Get what you pay for" situation. Next visit to Vegas I will for sure pay more to stay at a cleaner, organized resort.
What a great place.  I loved the restaurant.  We did the tasting menu and it was a great experience.  The do love their duck and they did a great job with it.  I also tried duck fudge for the first time and it was super tasty.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because there were not enough vegetables on the tasting menu and the day that I went to the restaurant the air conditioning was broken so it was super hot.
It was good.  I loved my salad but my short rib was a bit dry. The sides were delicious.
I went here on a business trip.  My salad was great but the short rib was dry.  The rib needed to be seated more so it could be juicer.
Good food, terrible service.  Despite having reservations, we waited 20+ minutes for a table because "people [were] slow tonight."  We were offered cocktails while we waited in uncomfortable chairs by the door and then discovered we'd been charged full price for those cocktails.  We were offered no apologies or no compensation for the wait.  We at least enjoyed the decor and music.  We were finally seated at a table that was empty the entire time we waited.  It took our server quite some time to take our order.   At one point, she took a shot with another table.  The gazpacho was very good and our entrees (the schnitzel and cod) were wonderful.  The schnitzel portion was huge and probably the best schnitzel we've ever had.  Dessert, however, was lacking.  After another lengthy weight, we were given the three-item dessert list.  We ordered the s'mores plate, which was a joke.  For $9, it's a plate of cold chocolate, marshmallow cream, crumbled cookies and Nutella.  It was unoriginal, uninspired, and frankly ugly (no presentation at all).  In sum, our nearly $200 meal was far from worth the money. The restaurant was understaffed and accommodating reservations appeared to be a regular issue.  At this price point, it was unacceptable and the servers were too overworked too care.  I would not return to this restaurant and would not recommend it to others. Two stars for the entre quality and dcor.
I just had a proposal done for my company that sells Widgets and couldn't be happier.  i signed up for the basic burglar alarm system along with a small camera system that will now give me control for the graffitti problem i have been having. the young lady that came out was very professional and helpful as she explained how the App was going to work on my phone so i don't have to wait for the central station to call me after the alarm activates.  thanks AVS.
Tom oh, Tom... How do we "Colicchio" our other meals???  Would you come to our house?  My stomach would pay dearly for your services.  The staff was terrific, the food was excellent across the board.  Using such high quality of meat brings an air of unusually soft and flavorful mouthfeel to your palate.  I'm coming back... I think my stomach has already made a reservation!Steve
This place was so good, I go to Grand Canyon University and I have not been able to find a place this good near me. The service is amazing, the place is very beautiful, and the prices are literally so good. I had to make an account to express how good this place is
So I came into H&M looking for a birthday outfit, therefore i tried on several items. As i entered the dressing room a very goofy associate, i believe her name was Genesis, right away helped me and offered to get any additional sizes for me. As i was being indecisive, she helped me choose which outfit to buy, helping me make something like a pros and cons list, if you will. Anyway, i was standing in line very happy because i love good service, but as i reach the register the most grouchy lady i have every encountered helped me check out. Her name was Sara, she definitely made me look at H&M and their associates differently, but thank you Genesis!
Whole wings are friend perfectly, sauces are really unique in taste. Service is very welcoming. This place is packed with taste for a small tavern. Definitely a check out
Ordered: The really good burgerThe burger was pretty good, juicy. The flavors are there. Their mixed drinks are well mixed. Definitely a tryout spot. Service is fairly nice.
Absolutely a forever customer. Always order their Philly cheesesteak always on point. Definitely recommend for people to try out. Staff is pretty nice/welcoming.
When it comes to tacos, man this place got it right. Always fresh products, packed with flavors. Presentation is pretty good for a taco. Service is great. My always stop by place for tacos. Give them a try!!!
Well, the place is so good at breakfast that I forgot to take a pic of my food. Ordered handful and hit the spot. I've only eaten breakfast here but always hear good things about their other meals. Stop in and try a lovely local cafe.
I'm a forever Fioris customer one of the best pizzas in town. Service is very nice and welcoming. A Dine in or Takeout only.
Ordered: Steak Hoagie and plain cheese Both were very juicy and packed with flavor definitely stop by or order spot!
Very clean and comfortable to enjoy your favorite movies with friends or family. Definitely try out if you haven't been already!!!
I purchased a couple of first aid kits from the website. The website did not accurately describe the content of the kits. I asked to return the kits for a refund and they said that since I had opened them I couldn't return them. They eventually offered to send the missing items for free after I had sent several messages to their customer service department; at first they wanted me to pay for the items. I will not use this business again- beware of their unfair business practices.
Awesome experience!  Despite others insistence that this is a tourist trap, it came highly recommended.  Our driver AJ set the tone for how the experience would be, accommodating us in a HUMVEE ride that, in and of itself, was a great experience.  Upon arrival we went straight to the counter to select two shooting packages and only waited ten minutes before paging alerted us of our start time.  The range staff were professional and very accommodating.  My only complaint was the cashier who was less than friendly and despite asking about military discount, she failed to give it to us....only after asking why, did she credit back the 10% (though she was quite annoyed we asked).....  AJ was again our driver back to the hotel and cajoled and was a great steward of the organization - engaging all of us in good military banter.  I highly recommend this experience for any visitor who wants to do something more than waste away in a smoky casino!
I visited this store on Aug 24, 2015 to inquire about glasses and get an eye exam done. There is a friendly young Asian receptionist, a nice and professional Optometrist, and then two very rude, non-helpful Asian/Filipino female frame consultants at the front of the store.  Neither of them offered to help and displayed very poor customer service and I was ready to make a purchase on several occassions.   The first lady to the left of the store when you walk in was too busy with another client while the other woman completely ignored customers in the store and decided to eat her lunch in front of everyone at 4pm??! I think this was very deliberate of her and her attitude was as if she did not want to help anyone or do anything.  To add, when I had a moment to inquire about glasses, she even aggressively tried to forcefully tell me that I should be wearing my glasses all the time and discouraged me from buying sunglasses without a prescription just because they had a 2-4-1 deal. According to the Optometrist, it was recommended that I wear them only at night or when I feel necessary. This was definitely un-called for and not the way you should speak to a customer. Due to the service being so bad and unprofessional from these two consultants, I decided Instead of buying my frames from there I decided to go to another location in Pickering.  No complaints and I was able to get my frames and sunglasses. Never go to the one is Scarborough, its also a franchise which means you will pay higher prices!
If it were only a review of Dan, the server who waited on me, and the other staff who helped me, the place would get 4.5 stars, or even a perfect 5. The food is what brought my experience down. The place is clean, things were pleasant. Food presentation was fast and nice. The caprese was served with just underripe beefsteak tomato. The balsamic was ordinary, at best. The biggest disappointment was the pizza. It's rated one of the best in Vegas, and I'd like to meet the people who voted on this and ask them what in the world they were thinking. It's far, FAR from some of the best I've had in life. Don't get me wrong, the pie was ok. Barely. The old adage rings true: if it's good, it's great... But I'd say the pie was just south of mediocre. The crust was the best part and it needed another dollop of sauce. The biggest travesty is they charge a fixed price for toppings regardless of the size of the pie. So, I got a personal pie (12") and paid the same price for my ham and mushrooms that a large pie (18") pays. Sorry, but that's just not right. To Dan's credit, he just listened to my bitching and didn't take one side or other. Next time I'm in Vegas and looking for a pizza on the way out of town I'm headed to Metro Pizza like I should've done tonight.
I stopped in last Monday evening after deciding to find something aside of the Strip places and hotel restaurants. To be fair, they're fine, but I wanted something a little different and more personal for the chef creating the food. So to Carson Kitchen I went, and I wasn't disappointed. Parallel parking out front and immediately seated at about 6p at the bar. Because it was only me, I ordered gyro tacos and seared scallops with mango habanero salsa. These two were powerful and delicate, respectfully. Fresh taco shells/pita and amazing flavor combinations in the tacos. Careful selections of flavors with the scallops as to compliment and not overpower. (Pair the scallops with a Kronenbourg Blonde-they're a perfect marriage.) For dessert I had the glazed doughnut bread pudding. I couldn't fit anything else. Best was that everything is made from fresh and service was fast and courteous, to say the least. I had plate envy from those around me that I couldn't indulge for lack of stomach space. I'll definitely be back next time in Vegas.
I expected way better for the venue. Nice place , great location. Everything I ordered was 'just okay' and same for my wife. Theres just so many other really good places in the area , doubt I'll be back.
Have eaten here two or three times, every time is excellent service, and excellent food. The meatloaf sandwich at Lunch is so good!
I love PDQ in Concord, it's always well run, clean, great service, consistent. Which is all such a change from normal fast food places. The chicken tenders are as good as you can get anywhere, and I love the handmade sauces. Buffalo blue is my fav! And you gotta have the shakes. They even use the big shake straws, so you don't have to strain a muscle in your neck trying to drink it. I eat here every other week or so. Great place.
Went for lunch. Typical Mexican place - which is a good thing. The place was absolutely packed at lunch in a weekday! Would come back.
I was wrong when I try to read all your commend before I took my Boat to this location They tell me on the phone it cost over $400 to get my boat fix but I paid $740 when  I came to pick up my Boat ??? the Boat only 40 hours ran time it cost that much??? i recommended go to other  dealer, and will tell all my friend around the wold know this
I have engine light on I took the car to the shop for inspection two unfriendly tech treated my like idiot they was me your EGR value failure but not for sure if the engine light not go away they will replace other part???? The EGR value cost $60 labor $95 but they charged $256 for the part and $95 for labor total $411 they want to cheating me I take a care back they charged me $50 for inspection fee sorry i don't think I come back this shop for any reason in future
I purchased a stereo and speakers for m son for a Christmas Gift and unfortunately he did not want the gift after all.  I tried to return the merchandise to the store however, they would not issue a credit back to my card only a store credit which is not what I wanted or asked for.  They were completely uncooperative and unwilling to credit my account.  Then after telling them I will contact their coporate office all of a sudden they say they will return the item but only if they can knock off a 20% restocking fee!!!! This is brand new, unopened merchandise....never been used all they have to do is credit my account and put it back on the shelf!!!! Never ever will I recommend or go to this place for any service again...what a scam.....bad business!!!
Great store for virtually all of your pet's needs. The owners and staff are helpful with your shopping and grooming experience and the well being of your furry loved one(s). They are knowledgeable about their products and consistently pursue new and innovative food, toys and goods.
Classic and reliable breakfast food provided by friendly and responsive staff. The pot of bread is a fun diversion from the usual-usual. The Country Skillet was delicious and well balanced. There was a good amount of meat/egg/potato mixed together (some skillets at other places are 70% potato and few ingredients). The scrambled eggs were fresh and fluffy. Their omelets are also hefty. The Sandy Omelet packs in a lot of flavor and should satisfy your hunger.All in all, an easy and pleasant experience.
Food and service are very good. It's a happy change to have a neighborhood restaurant that actually knows how to make a good omelette. Ingredients are fresh, portions are generous. The menu is very comprehensive. The downside that will limit future visits is price. $45.00 for breakfast for 2 is a bit steep. This is not The Strip, it's a strip mall in the SW. Yes, portions are big and we had leftovers, but their price points add some apprehension.
A total disappointment. My expectations were set by the many, many raving reviews, but it was a waste of money. Ordered The Montagu and the ingredients were VERY skimpy. The sandwich was primarily bread with vague and scant flavors; nothing like anyone's descriptions. This sandwich could have come out of a vending machine. Salad portions are a rip-off. Not worth the money or effort. Lame.
Good variety of dishes. Go for dinner to discover the real creative and tasty items. Lunch is a great deal, but is a limited and standard menu.Highlights:Deep-fried tofu is fresh, silky smooth and soaks in a strong and savory sauceHamachi Jalapeno and Maguro Carupaccio provide a nice kick of spiceTsukune with and without sauceShitaakePork KimcheeWe also got a few pieces of nigiri hamachi and it was like buttuh. It's nice to have a sushi-ish restaurant in the SW that serves quality fish and a has skilled kitchen. Service was not too stellar, as our waiter disappeared for a long time. Will likely sit at the sushi bar next time.
Was finally able to try Fukuburger at the Foodie Fest after a few missed opportunities and attempts around town. I was sooo looking forward to the savory experience that everyone is bragging about here, but I walked away feeling empty and confused.My burger order looked like something that came out of a low-budget public school cafeteria. It was slapped together quickly and didn't appear like anything I've seen posted on Yelp. It felt diminutive in comparison. It was a mess to eat, as the bun was already soggy in the 50 feet I walked to sit down. I could taste some good flavors in the burger/sauces, but they were blurred as I fought to keep all the parts together. I ordered jazz fries, but received regular fries because of an apparent typo. The fries were also cooked unevenly. Not anywhere worth $9.00.Saddened sigh. I tried to determine what factors might have contributed to my experience, but really couldn't rationalize anything. There was NO ONE in line when I ordered, so there was no frenzy surrounding it. After I finished my food, I sat there with a sunken heart and blank stare.
This is not the same store when it first opened and during its first 2 years.It's great that Glazier's is a mom-and-pop operation and that Mr. and Mrs. G. are hands-on and accessible. I appreciate their efforts to bring in many regional products and brands from the East Coast and Midwest to help those homesick transplants. They offer a large variety of foodstuffs for everyone, whether you cook from scratch or grab the fresh ready-made grub. The deli is very comprehensive and generally reliable with the Boar's Head line.However, shopping there today requires much more effort. Produce is hit or miss with quality and availability. I've seen grapefruit and potatoes with mold. There are many expired items on the shelves in various departments (condiments and dairy being the worst). And not just recently expired--months ago expired. You really have to take the time to scrutinize everything you purchase. Some suction seal lids are popped up on jars, even though the plastic wrap is still intact.I still have to shop here because there are products that I can't get elsewhere, but now it's a bigger chore to ensure that I don't bring home any duds.
There's no better feeling than having a mechanic that you can trust. I've been coming here for over 6 years and always receive consistent, reliable and professional service. You can tell that they are focused and work hard. The owners and staff will never try to up-sell you into anything unnecessary and will help you prioritize any future needs to keep your car healthy and to keep you safe!
The food is 5 stars, but the service was a dud.We ordered some of the signature dishes: Amberjack Crudo, Oysters, Tuna Tartare, Kim Chi Fried Rice and Chicken Wings. Everything was delicious. Every dish had a distinct and focused taste, texture and composition. The food is innovative and creative.  The flavors are powerful, unique and on point. Ingredients are fresh and of high quality. I can't wait to try the other menu items. It's great to have access to such talent  without having to head to the Strip.Now the issue with service. The restaurant wasn't that busy. The service has to match the caliber of the food (i.e. SoHo Japanese) otherwise it's an annoyance. The oysters arrived in a timely manner, but things just dragged on and on from there. The service team doesn't seem to work as a cohesive unit, nor are they particularly excited (or versed) about the menu. You pretty much will only get the attention of your server and not anyone else. The disjointed service created a disruptive dining experience. I will try sitting at the bar next to see if that works better.
Nice addition to the Westside! Bachi delivers an amazing roster of creative and delicious gourmet burgers for your palate. Our burgers were cooked exactly as requested (not always the case in this beef town). The bold flavors and ingredients that complimented the burgers were unique and well executed. The garlic chili aoili  packs a nice punch!Their beverage list is a nice enhancement to their food menu as well. Smart planning and thinking. The decor is pleasant, hip and relaxing.
A well-oiled machine! Everything is wonderful from start to finish. The environment is lively and attentive. The bar offerings are thoughtful and De-licious. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. You can pretty much satisfy whatever strikes your mood.Their meat dishes (steak, lamb, oxtail, etc.) usher homey/comfy/carnivorous flavors that are fun to discover with every bite. The salmon is nicely balanced with a generous portion of veggies. Their ingredients and seasonings are unique and deliberate, so it is a fun distraction from the "usual-usual." Do allow yourself to indulge in any of the specials for the evening; we've never been disappointed. I DO NOT LIKE CARROT CAKE. Their carrot cake is amazing and it vanished. Poof.Only downside: the seating and decor could be a little more relaxed and comfortable. I get the whole warehouse/industrial thing, but it could be a tad less rigid.
Really enjoyed everything we ordered: brisket, ribs, pulled pork, coleslaw, mac and cheese. Can't wait to return to try the combo items. This is delicious and simple food that you want to savor and embrace. The BBQ sauces are a nice and diverse complement and are not goopy or too sweet. Highly satisfying.
I'm a big fan of the Lawry's tradition. The prime rib is great and service is usually consistent as well. This is your classic steakhouse with all the reliable rituals: juicy slabs of beef, au jus, yorkshire pudding, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, baked potato, etc. You can't go wrong with much of anything on the menu. All satisfying and delicious. Their creamed spinach is especially addicting. Dining at Lawry's is a complete experience. The decor and uniforms, the rolling cart of beef, your carver's medallion, the presentation of the spinning salad are all assembled and choreographed for a reason. They've been doing this for 75 years and are preserving history and tradition.Disappointments: I want to give 5 stars, but the last few times we visited, I have seen more patrons dressed in sweats, dumpy t-shirts and raggedy jeans. I felt like I was eating at a food court or cafeteria. Eating here is not cheap and there's that whole classic/custom/tradition thing. You don't have to be in formal wear, but at least try something that is laundered. And sometimes the staff at the hostess stand seem more flighty and disorganized than necessary.Otherwise, mmm, beeef.
I am glad to add Del Mar Cafe as a reliable spot for breakfast. Their portions are generous and they make the effort to assemble tasty and satisfying dishes. Decadent highlights: biscuit and graaaavvvy, Man-o-War omelet, corned beef hash. Their food is consistent and thoughtfully prepared. The staff in friendly and attentive. Dining at Del Mar is a pleasant and easy experience.
Finally! A shop that makes hearty and satisfying food. The sandwiches are piled high with your favorite, fresh ingredients. Portions are generous; flavors are bold. This is no cookie-cutter, fast-food sandwich chain. Treat yourself to some real food. You'll be so happy afterward.Standouts: the Cuban, the Ruben, Eggplant Parm and the American. Fries and chips.
Amazing! This is what a happy and delicious dining experience should be. The restaurant is casual and comfortable. The staff is genuinely friendly, enthusiastic and consistently attentive. The pasta is sooo fresh: melty, chewy and pillow-y at once. Ordered the orecchiette with sausage, mushrooms and broccolini. It was bursting with such intense and savory flavors and texture that I rolled my eyes back in delight. I was even compelled to have a glass a wine when I finished the leftovers for lunch the next day, just to keep the memory alive...Also ordered the chicken parm, which was huge, homey and satisfying. We watched a variety of dishes go by to other smiling patrons and heard them discussing how tasty their food was. They make their own sausage, so don't deny yourself the opportunity! Dessert, espresso and cappuccino was on par with everything else. We had lots of leftovers and had to go the whole distance. Yes, there is an abundance of Italian restaurants in town, but Parma hits all the targets with superb service, food and atmosphere. This tops the recommendation list for anyone.
Eh. I really wanted to love this place and make it a local favorite, but Twin Creeks did not perform to expectations.We were drawn in for the Sunday night prime rib and were looking forward to a pleasant and satisfying experience. The meal was adequate, yet nothing to rave about. The prime rib portion was generous. The taste was adequate, but mind not blown. We came early for a cocktail at the bar and were sadly disappointed by the poor quality of alcohol in their specialty drinks. We missed Happy Hour by a few minutes and the drinks looked and tasted watered down, poorly constructed and not made with the premium liquors as stated in the menu. Paid $11 each for a drink for that compared to a complimentary casino floor cocktail.I really wanted to love this place. Our waiter also maintained a level a banality, which seemed to permeate into an uneventful evening. I did observe other tables receiving more enthusiasm from waitstaff, but it still felt like a team of misfits. My curiosity has been satisfied and it's unlikely that I need to return. I'm ready to head back to Lawry's for the real Prime experience.
Sugar Bee's items taste OK, but they really need to show off their cakes or other talents. The general selection of pasteries and sweets don't excite or inspire and are limited in their variety. The shop feels more like it's run by someone who is a good home baker, yet not elevated to a professional level.
Yay! Lots of delicious and pretty items to choose from here. Beyond their core specialty cakes, Drago Sisters provides a full gamut of individual desserts and treats. Cupcakes, cookies, tres leches, tiramisu, holy cannoli (and more)! The ingredients are fresh and their technique is precise and thoughtful. Everything looks stunning and tastes satisfyingly delicious. You deserve this kind of quality!
I guess the silver lining is that my hair will grow back...The salon is drab, dated and dank. Haircuts are cheap, but then ya got a cheap haircut. You're not getting a hairstyle, just your hair cut shorter. Kathy will not say any more words to you than she has to. What an odd and empty experience. It's not necessary to have a "gab-fest social hour," but having some kind of interaction would be helpful.Seems like they could care less if they ever see you again.
Nothing special here. You might as well go to Panda Express or pick another type of food to eat.
So happy to have Chef Marc in the neighborhood!The quality ingredients for your custom pies are fresh and abundant and allow for many, many delicious combinations. The dough is a tad chewy, but still handles well. Who doesn't love a fresh thin-crust pizza made to your liking and delivered to your table in minutes? The beet salad was also healthy and hearty. The decor has an industrial feel that is comfortable and casual. The ordering and checkout process was rather clumsy. There was confusion among the staff about who was ordering what, what to make and where you were going to sit before you paid or even turned around to look at the seating. This caused a bit of a back up as more diners arrived. This wasn't just my order, but the with the group in front of me too. The cashier asked if I wanted any gelato, but the desserts were on the other side of the room. It's hard to decide without seeing anything and not holding up the line. Maybe next time. Hopefully, these logistics will iron themselves out soon, but otherwise a wonderful food experience.
A reliable and decent Mexican restaurant with all the familiar and classic dishes. The service and attentiveness is good. Our waiter seemed to disappear a bit, but the busboy and a manager were always floating around to keep it everything moving.Dined there for lunch and the prices did seem a tad high for the portion, but still a very positive experience overall. Good chips and salsa, carne asada and carnitas. They keep it all simple and the flavors and quality stand out.
This particular location is often chaotic for a variety of reasons: messy stock, missing stock, shortage of employees, apathetic employees. The store is busy on a consistent basis, but is ill-equipped to manage its customers properly.
Came here to see what all the fuss was about and it's true! Delicious soup and dumplings that help comfort a cold winter day. The hot and sour soup has bold and balanced flavors and is one of the most consistent in town. It's also fun to get that little burst of broth in your dumplings. The beef roll is a nice variation to a plain, doughy onion pancake. Service was nicely attentive and looking forward to sampling more of the menu next time.
Sammy's is usually a reliable standby, but AVOID THIS LOCATION! The service started out fine, but then fell off a steep cliff. The food orders were wrong for our entire table, so there was big disconnect with the kitchen. They were terribly under-staffed which contributed to the chaos.
WOW! What a huge disappointment. I believed all of those glowing remarks, but was confronted with a completely different experience. The kitchen lacks the talent and skill to create and execute traditional breakfast plates. My omlette was made like a pancake, then folded over in half and topped with sliced cheese. The eggs were cooked like a crepe and tasted thin and secondary. The ingredients did not have any interesting or fresh flavors. The meal tasted processed and assembled. BabyStacks should only focus on the pancakes because the other breakfast items are a fail. A waste of money. The staff is adequate and the decor is pleasant, but there isn't anything special or inspiring about this place.
The food is adequate, but not outstanding. This is a step up from Subway or Quizno's, but won't satisfy anyone who has lived in a town with a REAL classic sub shop. I ordered the Italian and the Club on a Sub. Both tasted fine, but the Club came out smashed and dilapidated.This location also seems to have a morale problem. During my visit, I noticed the manager chastising the cashiers about who knows what. Suddenly, everyone behind the counter had a tense and sad look on their face as if this kind of treatment happens often. They are walking on eggshells back there. I think it is customary for them to yell some kind of greeting when a customer arrives, but I could barely hear/understand the phrase because it was muffled in apathy.
I'd give no stars if I could. This store has the worst cashier employees ever. I prefer to use the self-checkout, but it is not always an option. During my last visit, the cashier barely made eye-contact with me and spent the entire time talking loudly to the bagger about baby names. That was far more interesting than performing her job and apparently she is incapable of doing two tasks at once. My bag of chips were slammed on the counter and I heard them cracking into crumbs. My bakery dessert was shaken and turned upside down because she couldn't get it to scan. I had to check all of the produce again for bruising.This wasn't the first incompetent or professional encounter I've had with the checkout clerks. Another employee once advised me to send a comment to Corporate through their website. Done, but no response at all. I am reluctant to shop at Von's anymore. The quality of their food is marginal and you always have to check the expiration dates. I never buy any of their meat or fish. Their "artisanal" products are eh. Not worth the hassle.
This fund-raising food fair is a wonderful little perk in the SW! The food is authentic and freshly made. You can buy a variety of traditional entrees, soups, apps, desserts, cookies, produce and plants. The vendor/ cooks are super friendly and helpful, which makes for a happy and pleasant experience. You could see how excited and appreciative many of the customers were.All of this for $25!: Pad Thai (quite decent, but the noodles are thinner than I prefer)Pork Skewers (lots of flavor!)Curry Puffs (delicate and flaky texture; fluffy taste of pumpkin, puff and chicken)Egg Rolls (meh, needs more filling)Roti (sweet, sweet dough!)Fresh Thai BasilAll of that food provided 5 filling meals, plus a satisfying snack. I look forward to trying the many other dishes in the future. The hot weather didn't inspire me to order soup this time.Key tips I followed from other Yelpers:Go early.Put your order in for pad thai immediately. DO IT FIRST!Relax and enjoy the grounds and your bounty.
The burgers, beer and fries are very, very good. Unfortunately, the service sucks.It's hit or miss anytime you go. This is a very popular restaurant. They've been open long enough to get their sh*t together. They just don't seem to be able to serve customers consistently. Sometimes it is fine, other visits can be a total disaster. You can experience MIA waiters, an abandoned check-in stand and delayed or confused orders. The poor service really puts a damper on your dining experience and will make you forget how fun the food is. You have to be strategic about your dining times so you don't get lost in the chaos.
Just don't bother. The restaurant seems harmless, but it is not worth having to endure mediocre food and absentee service. I noticed some of the other comments about lack of cleanliness and it is still noticeable today. The chairs and booster seats for kids looked filthy. Silverware is dull and dingy. Sometimes it's OK to spring for a new bottle of ketchup when the original labeling is nearly worn off and the cap is battered. It makes one wonder what other corners are being cut...The food is OK, just unremarkable and unmemorable.
There has been a noticeable change at this location.Their sandwiches are much skimpier than other Capriotti's shops and from when they first opened. It doesn't feel like I am eating a signature sandwich. My last 3 orders were made wrong, even though I was specific about my condiments and garnishes. The current roster of employees don't seem particularly happy either...I won't be back at this location for a while.
So happy to report that there is finally delicious pizza in the neighborhood! (A lot of the other stuff nearby is outright inedible.) It's classic NY-style thin crust with fresh ingredients and the flavors are nicely balanced. The crust handles nicely--not doughy or chewy; it has a nice crisp. This is pizza that I will crave and am thankful it is close by! Looking forward to sampling the many other items on their menu.
Yes! Thank you Chef John for treating us to more of your culinary genius. There is a solid range of sauce and fish combinations to satisfy everyone's palate. My go to: Twin Dragon burrito. Portions are satisfying. You will notice that the ingredients are always top notch. Staff is friendly, happy and ready to assist any newbies. A high standard is set and Soho always delivers!
The service is pleasant and efficient, but the food didn't match expectations. The restaurant is bright and clean, but the chairs are quite uncomfortable and rigid. It is not a relaxing environment. Breakfast was not memorable. The food was adequate and executed like someone following the steps of a recipe. This review is written like my experience: generic and uneventful.
I really wanted to love this place. Really, really. Ordered the fried chicken for lunch and it did not disappoint. It had a nice spicy, crispy crust with juicy meat. There was also a spicy sauce in the condiment caddie that enhanced the flavor nicely too. Generally, all the food passing by looked good and straight-forward.I was surprised by the price of their drinks. It really felt like you were being gauged by sheer greed. I took a pass on the $9 pint, but was even more stunned by the $4 iced tea. Plain ole Lipton Iced Tea. Those prices only motivated me to go the Yard House for beer afterward. Service was empty and awkward and made the experience rather uneventful. The energy was actually quite dull. Yes, I know it was lunch time, but the employees could try to get excited about their jobs and the dynamic environment. They didn't seem sold on the place and it transfers onto the customers.
Glad to recently discover this store. I can no longer shop at the nearby Michael's and HL is a stress-free option. The store is clean, organized and spacious. The merchandise is easy to access and the range of items is vast. The store is ideal for many simple crafts and decor.The staff could be a little more alert and attentive, but it doesn't hamper the experience.
Run, sprint, fly: whatever it takes to get you in this place!Soho serves serious QUALITY food at strip-mall prices. Residents in the SW are lucky to have this restaurant in proximity. Chef/owner John Lee and his crew execute fresh, creative and sophisticated fare. The room is casual; the service is attentive and earnest. The food will make you feel like royalty. This is not one of those drab AYCE places, so don't expect heavy sauces, gummy sushi rolls or chewy fish.There is amazing talent in the kitchen that has access to the finest ingredients often reserved for restaurants on The Strip. A lot of care is taken in their preparation to highlight the ideal characteristic of the fish. The flavors clean, refreshing, silky, complex and complementary. That fish cradles your palate and melts in your mouth.Order what everyone else says:Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, Tuna Pizza, any of the Tostadas to your liking, Uni, Black Cod, Oysters, Snapper, Tuna Poke, Salmon Poke, Short Ribs. Take it all in. Ask what's good that day and just let them work their magic. You won't be disappointed (unless you're into heavy sauces, gummy rolls or chewy fish).Once you've completed your indulging, you'll be equally delighted by your bill. C'mon, $2.00 tostadas! I don't need to go to the other sushi restaurant in the SW anymore. This is it.
Zzzzz. I had dined here and at Flamingo several times in the past, but my most recent visit was noticeably different. Their breakfasts are dull and bland. The menu is extensive, but their kitchen lacks the talent to create any interesting or satisfying meals. Why no hash browns at breakfast? Why the need to season and garnish everything with paprika? The house potatoes tasted processed and are diced like a chiclet. The service is usually pleasant and efficient, but that becomes as unmemorable when the food is flavorless. Save your money and keep looking.
Sorry, but just had my last trip to this place. The sandwiches are quite good and their fries are great. Customer service is the worst. Who wants to be greeted with a sneer and scowl? It's pretty clear that the deli employee hates her job or has other uncontrollable issues. This makes the whole experience a total downer.Pass.
A refreshing addition to the SW for delicious coffee and teas. You can see that the owners take special care in preparing your beverage. There is a nice variety of coffee drinks to satisfy your cravings. The pistachio latte is smooth, flavorful and balanced. There is not much for morning pastries or foods, but hopefully that will change as business begins to grow. Can't wait to work my way through the drink menu.The interior is bright and tasteful, with a clean and slightly hip design. A couch or some plush chairs could help soften or cozy things up a little, so you sink in with your drink. Overall, a happy environment and experience with all the hope that it flourishes in the community.
This place is awesome once you know what your looking for. Frozen dumplings are super cheap and can feed you for 3 meals at least. You can get all kinds of weird asian ingredients to make some new and interesting dishes you wouldn't usually make. Its really about the cheap fish though, these guys are murder on the prices. And they have everything, lobster, crab, salmon, etc.
I recently used Rhino's Maid for a deep cleaning service and my house has never looked better! They were extremely timely and made sure to ask what parts of the house I wanted them to focus on. They made sure to get in every little nook and cranny, and left our whole house sparkling clean! I would definitely use them again for my cleaning needs.
We recently had a doggy door installed and are so pleased with how it turned out! Eddie was quick to accommodate us into his schedule and was extremely professional. He did a great job explaining exactly what was going to happen which pretty much answered every question I could've had before having to ask! They were in and out within about 30 minutes which was so unexpected, but it looks absolutely perfect! The price is well worth the high quality product you receive and our dog is so happy to be able to go in and out as she pleases.
Signing up for a Massage Envy membership was definitely one of the best decisions I've made. I always look forward to my monthly massages, and it's the best way to de-stress after a long work week! I always see April and she is absolutely amazing! I love that there's a mini consultation before each service so she knows exactly what I'm looking for. The front desk staff is always helpful and friendly and it's all around such a great experience!
EXTREMELY disappointed with their work. After reading great reviews and scheduling last minute I had confidence that they would be great. We scheduled move in cleaning service after purchasing our new home. I made sure the service included walls, floors, appliances, etc. I came home to find the carpets filthy, a mere attempt to vacuum, and still covered in dog hair. Could've done a much better job myself. The tile looked untouched. Dirt on the walls and base boards must not have even been wiped because it came off when I wiped my finger over it.  Not too mention they left our garage door open after leaving, knowing that no one was home...I would never recommend this company to anyone and unfortunately have to find someone else to reclean our home.
Food = 3.5 (used to be 5)Waiting Time = -5Service = 3Price = 3Lame rules = -5Atmosphere = 1Overall = 0I found this place years back when I stayed at this hotel and felt sick from a cold and wanted some soup.  That how I found out about this oyster bar with its used-to-be amazing clam chowder.  After that, whenever I had the chance to visit Las Vegas, I always made an effort to stop by this place to eat their clam chowder.  I also discovered some other dishes that were also very good.  I didn't know that this place has gotten so popular and the wait time increases triple the time I used to know about it.  However, after my most recent visit here, I have to say, I have seen all I needed to see.  I won't stop here next time I come to Las Vegas because it's not worth it to me anymore.  So the seats around the bar, that is all the seats there are...approximately 10 seats or so.  There's a line, in which you get to stand on your sorry feet for a few hours until one of those few seats become available.  There is a security guard standing somewhere nearby to make sure that you are over 21 years old in order to be waiting in line.  Anyone who does not look 21 or over get asked to leave.  I was with my husband and my two years old.  We were told that my two years old son cannot be there and that we all must leave because we have a kid.  I asked why and I was told that it's because it is a bar, so nobody under 21 is allowed in there, whether you are in there just for the food, or the alcohol, they DO NOT care.  It appears that the hotel doesn't need to make money on food.  It also appears that the hotel wants you to wait long in lines, so you would get bored from waiting and play their slot machines instead.Then the service, you finally get seated, and given a menu, then place your order and wait some more, then eat, and then pay and leave.  You get to see the chef making your food in front of your eyes.  How cool right? NOT really.  I don't really care.  I just want my food fast!!! Anyway, chefs here have this rude obnoxious looks on their faces and it's pretty annoying seating here and waiting for the food while having to endure the unpleasant atmosphere...The waitress are all annoying as well.Prices are in the $20s each dish which is not bad.  Quality of food has gotten worse.  I tried my clam chowder again and this time it was all watery and tasted 80% WORSE than before. I guess they don't care about making GREAT food like they used to.  Decent food seems to suffice given the mass amount of customers that come here.  They seem to not care about customers.  The hotel appears to not care about the money from the food, only the money from the slot machines..So next time in Vegas, I will NOT stop here.  It's just NOT worth it.
I really enjoyed my stay here.  The hotel was absolutely beautiful.  The bathroom was luxurious.  I did not have time to try out the pool or the gym.  Highly recommend this hotel for a romantic vacation.
Mediocre food with nice ambience.The salads are great though. But because it is more expensive I would hit up a restaurnt more deserving.
There is a new (and v cute) manager who treated my friend, the birthday girl, to a slice of their strawberry champagne cake. It was v sweet of him, and the waitstaff even if a touch slow, are v friendly. In terms of the dessert, I would recommend the Formosa bowls and definitely go with the toppings of sweet potato and taro. Not too overwhelming. I would go back for the nice vibe.
I was absolutely underwhelmed by the food and service at this restaurant. I came with my mother and sister in hopes that we would be able to revisit certain tastes of the Swiss(we had lived there), and considering the price we had to pay for this experience, calling it sub-par would be too kind.We ordered the following: Swiss cheese fondue with wine and kirsch, veal cutlet jgerschnitzel, Zurich-style veal with cream and mushrooms, goulash soup, poire belle hlne, apple strudel.The fondue wasn't to our taste but it was decent; the veal cutlet was bland and soggy; the Zurich-style veal was over cooked; the potato cakes were savory (unfortunately, one of the only things they got right); the goulash soup was a touch salty but flavourful; the strudel's pastry decided to play hide and seek (it was cinnamon-apple mush); and the pear dessert was average (I suspect canned pears were used); so, overall, mildly disappointing. Not to mention, our orders were mixed up.However, what really took the cake was the service. While we may have been greeted by a warm server who lent ear to our concerns, her sweetness was very much soured by another server who was impatient, very impertinent, and lacked savoir-faire. What attitude! I am so appalled.May the fondue gods be kinder to your visit.
Awesome food, for decent price. Went with my wife an kids. Server was nice . Host tho seem to hate there life's an jobs  when she seated are family she didn't offer my kids buster chairs more asked me if I needed a highchair as I stood there with a one year old.
Obviously Starbucks management don't care about their service...all the comment and bad service from long long time ago still hasn't fix and/or improve. I myself experienced "hard to believe" bad service 2 days ago too. Manager was the one to start with....if manager act like that then how could you expect staff to do any better? Horrible service and horrible attitude. Wonder how they get thru a day working in that environment. Making yourself miserable been unhappy serving customer...sad. Never want to go there again.Pricing is unbelievable as well. $7.50 for grande latte with caramel...
After we had bad experience with this landscape company, Eric reached out to me personally and made up for it. I really don't know exactly what happened at first place thou Eric showed us his effort to make sure we didn't left with bad taste in mouth. He offered to plant tree for free and executed as he promised. His crew were very friendly and nice. Came here on time as well. We are very grateful for Eric's gesture and we will consider to use his company again in future. Thanks Eric.
Never recommend. Received flower for birthday gift from friends in Hawaii. I was very happy that my friends did such a nice thing to surprise me. However I was also very sad and upset to this flower shop who took advantage of online/phone order from my friend. They ordered white lily thou they sent me pink "almost dead" lily instead. When I received flower, it was already yellow on tips, broken stems, leaf falling off... It was too bad that I had to call this flower shop to just letting them know what's going on. They asked me to send pic of flower. So I did. They asked me to send pic of card that was with flower. (As they claim they can't find delivery history...) so I did. Yet no action nor response from them! They are the one asked me to send pics and I did so, but no reply from them at all. Just MIA! What a nice gesture after sending "almost dead" flower to customer.... Never recommend. Just don't waste your money to these guys.
Great experience.  Received a text telling me what stall the car was in and we were in the car and out the airport in record time.  Staff was helpful when we needed help returning the car.
Lunch Menu - large portions! Shrimp and Grits - so many flavorful bits!!! creamy grits, andouille cubes, ripe sweet roasted tomatoes red peppers, onions, giant garlic slices, spinach, shrimp. Lobster mac and cheese w/ medium salad. Ancho chili chicken sandwich. Dessert was ok- should have ordered the lunch tower instead. Pecan pie pie is served in a cute little mini pan w/ vanilla ice cream. Mimosa ice tea was great plus free refills. Service was professional and just right. The restaurant is just right for a business lunch or visiting tourists like us- lots of window seats to look out into the courtyard. Would love to go again for dinner and brunch to try some other items.
Stuffed Cabbage w/ lots of subtly flavored meat & a large side of homemade mashed potatoes, so satisfyingly good!  5 stars! If I could eat it once a week, I would be happy. We should have ordered some to take home. If it was closer to CMU, the students would be there everyday for the stuffed cabbage. Waitstaff: 5 stars- super warm & friendly, real family and neighborhood feel.Italian food is only on Thursdays! Meatball hoagie: 2 big meatballs, in big hoagie bread, good sauce, only $5.99! Same for the Sausage Hoagie. Fish Sandwich- super big & crispy. The table next to us had the Reuben sandwich on big slices of rye bread. Only the cup of soup was tiny, maybe it was included, not sure? We visited bc we saw this place on Andrew Zimmern's travel channel show. It's a little out of the way, but we used google maps. Can of Soda was only $1.00. The bathrooms are sparkling new. The interior & exterior of the restaurant doesn't reflect the good experience we had (normally I wouldn't go in, but hubby is adventurous & loves to support local businesses). We went after the lunch rush.
I recommend ordering the salad, either regular size or share the large size, plus ask add on the steak or braised beef. You can also buy "toast" it's like a large crispy crostini. Good quality meat. Casual, cool place to eat. Metered street parking was easy to find during the weekday.
Opens early. Closes late. Sandwiches are good. I've tasted the Reuben and the original. Both delicious sandwiches. Meat is well seasoned for both. Bread is crunchy as well. Is it mind blowing? No. Have I had better? Yes.  Would I come back? Yes if the lines are not long. If you haven't been here before, definitely try it just to say you did.
nice club. playmates on bottom floor. Dance floor and balconay (like rain) on the 2nd. Music was great, women was great, and bottle service was fast. 3 stars because i still had to wait 2 hrs to get in with VIP priviledges. 3 stars because it cost 40 bucks to get in.
Worst experience ever. I'm usually not the type to review but my last experience here is the reason why I'm so inclined to. Right off the bat, the employee forgot to give us out drinks. Our order that was given to us was not what we ordered so we went up and asked if that was our order. Reassured by the employee, we began eating. In actuality, it was someone else's order and the employee then began to take the food off of our table for THEIR mistake. Then, we STILL had to ask for the fries that they forgot to give us after making a scene in front of all the customers by taking away our food. They then took out receipt away from us and we had to ask for it back just so we could call the manager and complain for ourselves. Ruined kfc for me. That's definitely the fastest way to lose customers. Do yourselves a favor and go somewhere else.
First time seeing this boba place here in Vegas. Great ambience, great decor, and a variety of flavors. Tried the matcha milk tea and it was bomb!!! They have tables with outlets so you can bring your laptop and hang out. New spot to go to.
This is a great place. The food is very good. The BBQ shrimp tacos are awesome and so is the lamb. The creme brulee is off the hook. Great up beat crowd. The bar tenders are great fun and make you feel welcome.
Ghetto. Filthy bathrooms, dirty store, sketchy clientele. I was here on a Sunday and it was not busy.  It was obvious the bathrooms had not been cleaned in hours. Just gross.
Okay this is going a bit back, but I went to UH on a trip to Toronto 14 months ago. On surprisingly warm (for winter, maybe +3C or +4C?) day in January on a trip to visit my sister and her children, my girlfriend and I took a little day trip down on the Spadina streetcar to Kensington Market, and we stopped by this establishment to have ourselves some lunch.To be honest, I don't remember exactly what I had because I can't find a menu anywhere. I THINK it was the avocado. Anyway, it was quite good. The sprouts sticking out provided a great texture, the veggies were fresh, the bread was delicious, and the tomatoes were delish. I was pleased with my meal and would definitely return next time I'm in Kensington!
I don't care that this is a huge chain in Canada. To an American, this is epic, epic fare.My first experience with Cora came during my first ever visit to Montral. I was 20, and on a family vacation. My parents asked the hotel staff for a breakfast recommendation and they gave us Chez Cora. My oh my were we impressed.Since, I have been back with every trip to Montral (4 more times) and recently, we've found one near my sister's place in Toronto. So I would guestimate I've been to Cora 7 or 8 times now, each time with big success.I always get the Avril 89, a beautiful display of assorted fruits wrapped tightly in a crpe with nutella. It is to die for. I am usually ready for a food coma after downing an Avril 89, and I often do not find myself hungry for the next 6 or 7 hours. It is truly an awesome dining experience. People that I have eaten with have gotten various meals, from crpes to fruit meals. Everything that I have seen come out of that kitchen is displayed with the most beautiful precision. Just take a look at the menu on their website and you'll see what I mean.Inside, the decor is inviting and breakfasty, with that quirky Qubec feel. It's safe to say, a trip to Canada is now incomplete without a trip to Chez Cora!
Green Mango is the Thai takeout of choice when I visit my sister in Toronto. Despite consistently forgetting one of our dishes every time, I have been very happy with the food.Firstly, they have Pad Woon Sen, my girlfriend's favourite dish, which makes her SO happy. I always get myself a sample of that, plus some other things around their dinner table: Shrimp Pad Thai, Peanut Chicken, Beef... something..., Chicken Satay, Sticky Rice, and an abundance of peanut sauce to drizzle on everything.The food is good! Nothing to complain about! It's a great bonding food with family.
After an enjoyable time at the Hockey Hall of Fame, we took the Exhibition Streetcar from Union to the entrance of the Harbourfront Centre. By doing some research, I found that there were plenty of Family Day activities, and I was excited to bring my niece, nephew, and fiance for some free family fun. We first had a difficult time finding exactly where all of the attractions were. We entered the Queen's Quay Terminal, which was dead da-dead da-dead. Basically a shopping mall with no one in it on a Sunday afternoon of a holiday weekend. We scrambled a bit to figure out where the fun was, but finally figured out it was in the York Quay Centre instead. We walked towards the water, and were on our way.As we went out to the harbour, we immediately saw where all the fuss was. People were walking all over the waterfront (it was a pretty warm +3C for February and beautifully sunny). The ice skating rink was overrun with happy Canadians skating about. We decided not to go for that, and instead wandered inside the York Quay Centre to find the free activities.We first wandered to the Junkestra, an assortment of recycled goods which were hung on a large wall, which kids (and adults alike) can come up and strike. All together the wide variety of timbres and people playing on their own made quite the blissful cacophony. Next, we went to the Brigatine Room where they had a large tent with a replica of aurora borealis inside. They gave us a short Inuit story to read to the kids as we sat under the dancing lights. Its sweet simplicity allowed for us to cooly relax in what was otherwise a very stimulating day.After that, my fiance went with my niece to make buttons while I took my awesome hockey nut nephew to make a hockey mask. They had glitter (though he respectfully chose not to use any) and a wide assortment of markers to create the mask. He made a cool Penguins mask to go along with the Marc-Andre Fleury goalie stick he bought from the HHOF gift shop. At the button spot, kids could cut out pictures from magazines and put them together in artistic ways to make buttons. How neat! We only participated in 4 of the 18 free activities at the Harbourfront that day and amused ourselves for a few hours!After the Harbourfront's Family Day fun, I kept thinking about how different this would have been if it were happening in my home, New York City. It certainly would not have been free, but I also feel like it would have been a much bigger production. Professional buttons, real hockey masks not just made of paper, and a laser aurora borealis show with video and surround sound audio. But this was truly simple. It allowed for my niece and nephew's imaginations to soar. It was so sweet in its simplicity, it seemed much more real and from the heart rather than commercially motivated. It captured the kind of free, imaginative fun I will be looking for when I someday have children. What a great city, Toronto must be, in which to raise a family.
This restaurant is truly epic. I come to Toronto a couple times a year to visit family, and we go to Mandarin often. We always love how every single staff member that greets you says "Welcome to Mandarin!" very, very quickly. This is one of the biggest Chinese buffets I have ever seen, and the food is delicious and well prepared. A couple of times I have made my way up there for their Dumpling Festival, which usually coincides with Chinese New Year, and boy is that delectable! The display of the food is also gorgeous, and it has the best sushi at a Chinese buffet I've ever had.The one docked star is because it is missing my all time favorite buffet food: Lo Mein. They have these thinner, harder, less saucy (and probably better for you) noodles, of which I forget their name. Get some lo mein and you'll be perfect in my book.- Hotness of Food: 4- Frequency of Changing Trays: 5- Frequency of Drink Refills: 4- Cleanliness of Buffet Area: 5"Welcome to Mandarin!"
My nephew is a hockey fanatic. My niece is not a hockey hater but is not exactly hockey excited. I am a hockey fan. My fiance is also not a hockey hater but is not exactly hockey excited. But somehow, this museum excited and kept all of us equally entertained for a good two hours. From the hockey memorabilia, to being able to touch the Stanley Cup, to the interactive games, to the replica Montreal Canadiens dressing room, this museum is a shrine for all things hockey. But I am most impressed in the HHOF's ability to keep all of its patrons happy, knowing not all will be hockey nuts.My most memorable and enjoyable moment was watching my nephew, age 6 and current TimBit, playing goalie. While he only made a couple saves, he was having the time of his life, hearing the crowd cheer. His game face attracted onlookers. He was so into it. Watching him in the glory of his sport was so incredibly gratifying for me, and for all of us, and would make for an all but certain return someday.
I have been to Montreal 5 times, and I have gotten "2 Dollar Chow Mein" 3 times. I know I am heavily biased, but of all of the ideas for street food I have seen: hot dogs, pretzels, BBQ, etc., this is by far the greatest. Chinese food on the street for all the drunken bar-hoppers? Freaking. Brilliant.Last time I was in Montreal I was staying near McGill downtown and we went bar-hopping in le village gai. We walked nearly 2 km out of our way to get 2 Dollar Chow Mein. Damn was it worth it. Is this gourmet Chinese food? No! But the sauce is peanuty, the dish is hot, the serving is generous for a twonie, and the concept is incredibly novel and brilliant. Chinese food. On the street. Open til 3 am. New York, get your act together and get up on this!!
While I was at SUNY Potsdam (2 hours southwest of Montral in Upstate New York), my girlfriend, who was living in Columbus, OH and who had never been to MTL before was coming to visit. So I had the brilliant idea to take her on a relatively short, 24 hour trip to North America's Little Paris, for a romantic, albeit frigid March getaway.What I was looking for:- A charming, romantic hotel with European flair.- A hotel that is conveniently located near the Metro and the Plateau neighbourhood.- A place with friendly staff (esp. to a bunch of Anglos) and ample parking.- A clean room with a homey feel.We got EVERYTHING we bargained for. What an excellent, excellent hotel and experience! It was quite romantic, the staff was SO kind (they allowed us to keep our belongings up front since we arrived before check-in time), we parked right out in front, and the place was a 10 or so minute walk to the Metro. Despite the frigid chill outside, Auberge de La Fontaine was a key ingredient in our falling in love with Montal. We constantly talk about how much we miss it and how much we want to go back someday, or potentially live there if we just spoke French. I know at some point I will be taking her back to Auberge for a romantic getaway long weekend :).
Prochaine station... Berri-UQAM!I have been to Montral five times, and each time I have heavily relied on the Metro. I have been very pleased with the service, particularly its cleanliness and its quiet. Being from New York, these are huge pluses!The Metro seems to a relatively frequent visitor to be reliable and safe. Many of the stations have beautiful architecture. I adore the boop-boop-boop "Jeumont" noise some of the trains make (see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhl9QoIfLV4). I love how some of the stations have that awesome display with the weather and the time for the next train. And of course, everything in French keeps it to its slick Francophone roots!The Metro's map is pretty well serving for its city. I am disheartened by the news that in its planned expansion it is being expanded north, south, and east, but not west. I hope this has nothing to do with the fact that the Anglos live out west. Nevertheless, Montral has got itself a beautiful subway that is probably Canada's and one of North America's best. Way to go!
I booked an appointment with Halle based on previous recommendations. I wanted to get a few waxing appointments in prior to my wedding & now that I'm back from our honeymoon, I plan on continuing the appointments. Halle does a great job, is professional & gets me in & out in a timely manner. I highly recommend her services!
I brought my wedding dress here after taking it to a couple other shops in the area that had told me they wouldn't touch it. Being completely defeated at this point I didn't expect much different here. I tried the dress on & Tina pinned the areas needed & said she'd have it for me the next weekend.  I went back in the next weekend to try it on again only to find the alterations had caused the dress to be ill-fitting around my neck. Tina told me how we could fix it but I wanted my Mom's opinion before I made a decision. She held my dress for 3 weeks till my Mom came to town, did another fitting & made new adjustments. I just got it back over the weekend & to be honest, upon first inspection it looked like nothing had been done however once I put it on it fit perfectly & the price all this was fantastic!
I'd never stay or recommend this place to ANYONE! We've paid over $1k for just two nights of stay in the mid week and received a horrible service.The valet lost/misplaced my car and it took them over 25 mins. to get it, which made us late to the event that evening, they offered no apologies or refunds (yes, they charged us $18 for that) and just dismissed us by saying that we should use self-parking next time.We wanted to request a late check out, but quickly found out that to extend our stay by just 2 hours, would cost us another $60, on top of over $1k we paid already.One thing that my wife hated the most is the fact that instead of replacing the towels in our room the next day, they just picked them up from the floor and put them back on the hanger ... This is just discussing.Finally, they've tried to charge us for 3-4 mini-bar items which we did not use, but we were able to take those off the bill.Overall, this is not a 4 star hotel, I'd give it 2 - one for the decor and one for the prime location - everything else is lacking.We ended up staying an extra night in Mandalay Bay and we've had much better customer service there and an overall more pleasant experience.
This place has gone down since new owners have taken over. The seem not be able to understand simple instructions.  When  you call in and they tell you it will be ready in 20 minutes and I show up 40 minutes later they have not even started my food. When ppl call ahead of time it is because they are in a hurry and don't want to wait!
The service is great. Very friendly. Try the Taiwanese Mei Fun, it is delicious!!! I love the thin noodles. Their egg rolls are my favorite out of all the one I have had. I am here once a week!
I will definitely NEVER be visiting this horrible hookah lounge again. Overly loud music! Bad hookah! HORRIBLE service! and did I mention HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service! Do not waste your money, and most important  your time.
It gets a bit loud, but its also a bar so what do you expect. I love their Dr.Pepper steak tacos! They are amazing and everyone should  try them! Also their french fries are yummy. I will definietly go back and have dinner again. My boyfriend enjoyed the restaurant as well.
I would have to say this restaurant is one of my favorite to grab lunch at. The pizza is the perfect size for me at least, and I can't even finish the whole thing (only half), but it is delicious! I always get the Wild Mushroom Pizza and it is the most amazing pizza I have ever had. If you are a mushroom fan, this is one of the meals that you have to try. Our waitress and waiters are always friendly and are on top of their game ! I do not think there is one thing I can say bad about this place! I love it!
Best italian food I ever had! We stayed in Vegas for 4 days. Went to the Rio and Bellagio buffets and they are nothing compared to Cuginos! We had the:Sicilian tripe soup- OMG!!! I'm craving as I type!Garlic knots- yummy! My 5 yr old devoured it right awayCheese pizza- best I've ever had!Reuben melt- amazing! Lots of meat! #1 italian sandwich- yummy!Rice balls (meat and cheese)- yummy!! And the marinara sauce- OMG! Owner said they cool the sauce for 4 hrs.Jamaican patty- it was good but overshadowed by the rest of the meal.Frutti di mare- a-mazing! Lots of seafood! Yummy sauce!What the place lacks in ambiance and presentation, the make up for the taste and quality of their food. And in the end, that's all that matters!
Stopped here on Memorial Day for lunch because our first choice for Mediterranean food was closed.  We were they only customers in the restaurant the whole time we were in there.  The person at the counter seemed bothered that my wife and I were only getting 2 gyros and a side of fries to share and not interested in getting full meals or soft drinks.  He seemed unfriendly and a bit rude.  We did order 2 ice waters which never came.  I also don't like the tablet at the counter that asks how much you want to tip... is tipping necessary when you order from a counter and bus your own table?  I did leave a tip, however, because I was afraid he would only become more upset with us if I didn't!  The food was good but the sauce was a bit lacking.  There is no public restroom in the restaurant, nor in the strip mall that we could find, and not even at the gas station 4 blocks south... ???  We ended up driving to Walmart for restrooms and water!  I am usually not very picky but stopping here for lunch left me feeling disappointed and ended up interfering with our plans for the day.
Long time national customer. Rented a Dodge Challenger on Wednesday, mentioned that I would be using a loyalty voucher to cover part of the rental, to be applied post rental. I was told that was fine and everything would work out. Returned the car today and was told both by the location staff and customer service that my loyalty voucher was not valid for the "sport" class vehicles. Wouldn't have rented the damn thing had they told me this up front. Last time I use National for my rental needs.
If you are a true crime or history buff, then this is a must see when visiting Vegas. Lots of great information and exhibits including the actual wall from the Valentines Day Massacre! Give yourself about 3 hours to maximize the experience, you won't regret it!!
The food was great but the service was horrendous, like close to the worst ever experienced. It literally took 45 min to get a simple seaweed salad and 1 hour 10 min to get my order. Other customers came, ate and left before I was served. Not sure what happened but someone really dropped the ball and didn't even notice or care.
Cool atmosphere there wasn't a lot of games on so it wasn't very busy and only soccer (boring) on but we just wanted some apps and a beer. The poke was okay but the nachos were fantastic. The atmosphere is pretty cool too.  Comfy cool place to hang out and drink. The price to add meat to the nachos was a little over the top though.
I feel like 3 Stars is pretty generous for the review on this place. First service was horrible. I think we only saw our waitress once after we ordered eventually having to track down a manager just to get our check and then left cash so we didn't have to wait longer. Chicken and waffle was way overpriced for what it was. It was just fried chicken and one waffle. Nothing exciting about the flavoring or anything of the fried chicken. The syrup was a nice touch but not worth the $36 for fried chicken and a waffle. The menu is very small for a brunch menu. Not a lot of options. Luckily we were seated next to the kitchen and after not seeing anything my husband liked he saw a burger come out of the kitchen and asked the waitress. She was very reluctant to bring us the dinner menu and when she did told us the only thing we could order off it was the burger ( it was 1 in the afternoon not 9 in the morning) but then we continued to see sandwiches and other dinner items come out of the kitchen while waiting for our food. The poached egg dish had a very odd overpowering lemon flavor to the sauce that ruined the whole dish. The burger was super greasy. We ordered the peach cobbler instantly cause we had friends tell us it was fantastic (again nothing overly special) and still ended up waiting for it forever after our meal.  Wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend it. Maybe it's better for the cocktails!
Fantastic!  Hash browns were amazing breakfast quesadilla was awesome biscuits and gravy were just as fantastic.  Service was good. Very nice chatty waiter. After a horrible experience at yardbirds the day before this was a nice treat!!  May go back tomorrow!
Took my dad here for his 70th birthday. What a treat!  Steak was melt in your mouth amazing. Crab legs were better than the stone claws but the sauce they served with them was fantastic. Great service great atmosphere couldn't have picked a better place to celebrate!
Von auen sieht das Restaurant wirklich nicht sehr einladend aus. Auch von innen ist schnell zu erkennen, dass die besten Jahre schon hinter dem Lokal liegen. Die Einrichtung wirkt eingestaubt und die Tischdecken haben so manche Runde in der Waschmaschine miterlebt. Die Toiletten, 70er Jahre chic, aber sauber! Der Kellner wirkte distanziert, aber immer aufmerksam. Was mir nicht so gut gefallen hat, war der Raucherraum, mit geffneter Tr zum Lokal...hat was von einem Pinkelbereich im Schwimmbad. In der Speisekarte wurden wir schnell fndig und gaben die Bestellung auf. Als unsere Getrnke gebracht wurden, sanken unsere Erwartungen auf das Essen enorm,-das Wasser wurde in einer PET-Flasche von Kaufland serviert-. Allerdings war die Sorge unbegrndet. Das Essen berzeugte und vor allen berraschte auf voller Linie. Der Beilagensalat war frisch und lecker, die Hauptgerichte kamen schnell und ebenfalls frisch und schmeckten sehr gut!! Ich hatte die Calamaries und fest mit Fertig-TK Ware gerechnet, weit gefehlt! Frische panierte Tintenfischringe, sehr sehr lecker!! Der Beilagenreis war sogar mit Gemse angemacht, hat mir sehr gut geschmeckt.Unser Fazit, das Ambiente nimmt dem Essen viel Glanz, aber mglicherweise lsst die wirtschaftliche Situation dies nicht anders zu. Das dann das Augenmerk auf gutes und frisches Essen statt auf schne Einrichtung gesetzt wird ist empfehlenswert! Wir wrden definitiv wieder hier essen gehen.
My boyfriend and i loved this hotel, so did the other couple that came with us. Check in was a breeze the guy at the front desk was so nice very warm and welcoming. Our room was on the 23rd floor the view was beautiful. The bed was so comfy it was hard to get up in the morning. I loved the bathroom there was a separate shower and tub (no jets in the tub :( sad), but you can fit two people in the tub that was nice. Saturday around noon we went downstairs to the buffet, there was a really long line but it kept moving we stood in line for bout 20 minutes. It was well worth the wait, the brunch selection was amazing there is no way for anybody to try all they have to offer in one sitting. We also ate at Zoozacrackers during our stay this place has amazing burgers, it filled us up without the greasy death full feeling. During our stay we bumped into half of the Knicks basketball team they were nice enough to pose for pictures. Overall we all had a great time it was worth every penny.
Yummy nachos!!!!! i ordered the volcano nachos and when it came out all i could say was wow they were huge. My boyfriend and i couldn't even eat half of it, and we love to eat. We ended up taking the rest home and i couldn't even close the box it was so full. My boyfriend ordered the mushroom burger (we didn't know the nachos would be so big) it was pretty average burger. The service was great. If you don't like to be bother while you eat i don't recommend this place. There's loud music, guys and girls on stilts walking around making balloon animals, women in bikinis walking around trying to get you to donate to Save The Tatas, and a girl sliding down into a big margarita. Overall i had fun food was alright at best but the nachos are amazing. Of course they had really good margaritas...
Excellent. Accommodated group of 40 with a full buffet. Very reasonably priced. Thank you!
We go to Corbo's a few times a year when traveling from Chicago. Hands down the best Italian bakery we have found. It is worth waiting in line for their fresh creations.
My wife and I recently spent 4 nights at the J Palen house. We had a great time. The location is perfect and the owners are very friendly and accommodating. I agree with some of the reviews that the website oversells the accommodations but it wouldn't keep us from returning. We found it to be clean, quite, and comfortable. We will be back.
Great shop with friendly folks and a good selection of goods. In addition, they rent bikes which is nice for us out of town folks.
My family went to Mama Santa's recently for dinner. We had great food, wonderful service, and a fun time. Everything was very authentic and honest in flavor. In reading the other reviews, I think people are judging this restaurant against more trendy / modern restaurants that likely wont be around in 5 years. What they should be doing is judging Mama Santa's against other family owned and managed restaurants that have a long track record of serving consistently good food. Under that level of scrutiny, Mama Santa's is a home run.
Great food and service. The avocado tacos are unhealthy but very tasta. The salsa variety is great... We will be back the next time we visit Cleveland.
Passing through Charlotte, we stopped here for lunch. It is in a non-descript strip mall, but the food is anything but ordinary. Each dish was unique and tasted wonderful - you could tell they were prepared with patience and deliberation. Everything was fresh, and service was attentive and pleasant. I will certainly return here the next time I am in the Charlotte area!
As someone who is environmentally conscious, I was appalled by the practices at the Holiday Inn Mayfield. After our room was cleaned the first time, our opened but barely used bottles of hotel shampoo and conditioner along with both of our bars of soap were thrown away. After that, I left a note the next two mornings so that they would not toss those out again. Still, our plastic cups were thrown away, day after day. And, worst of all, even though they had the "we care about the environment" sign hanging on the towel rack saying to hang up your towels if you did not want them cleaned, the towels were replaced every single day!!Another area of complaint I had was the exercise room. The elliptical (NordicTrack) was rickety, there was no cleaner of any kind to wipe down the machines (or hand sanitizer) and the room itself was kept at way too warm of a temperature.Lastly, the bed. The mattress was okay, but the pillows were awful - very hard even though they claimed to be soft. Also, the comforter was not cozy.I have stayed at hotels that were nasty, dirty, etc. And this was not one of those hotels. I just expected more for paying $100 a night.
A great place to find street tacos @ very reasonable price! The pastor tacos were on point!  And the roasted jalapeos on the salsa bar added the perfect touch of heat to the tacos.
I saw Rita's Burritos profiled on a local morning news channel and figured I'd give it a try. The burritos were very good, but the home made tortillas are out of this world! The carne asada was very tender and juicy! My kids liked their egg and hash burritos. The price is right, the service is very fast and the employee are very friendly! Will definitely be back in the future!
For those how have tried Inn-n-Out Burger, it's a no brainier. For those who haven't, you have to try it. I don't eat fast food, but I will make an exception for Inn-n-Out Burger! This one was like all the others, fast, friendly service and excellent food!
Lo-Lo's is always a great place to eat, and our server Faith was awesome! However, today I can only give it 3 stars bc of all the fruit flies that were flying around the dinning room. I must have seen at least six!! Oh well, the food was still great and anytime you can have a Lifted Kilt with breakfast, is a good day, fruit flies or no fruit flies....
A great hotel which is conveniently located to the airport, downtown, Scottsdale, Papago Training Site along with the greater Phoenix area. Friendly staff, clean rooms, awesome pool with a huge flat screen tv and a decent complimentary breakfast. There isn't a "bar" but you can get a drink. I really liked the room service bc they save you money by not bringing the food to the room, they just call u when it is ready. I will definitely make this my regular hotel when visiting Phoenix!
This is the nicest Plato's that I've ever been too. My teens found some decent cloths at a great price. Clean and friendly staff.
Great Asada tacos and a great selection of Mexican beers. They even have Mexican coke in 500ml bottles! Small restaurant but worth the trip!
I tried the asada, pastor and carnitas tacos. The carnitas were by far the best! What makes this place unique are the fresh, homemade tortillas!  A very clean place and friendly employees.
Great, burgers, great waitress and great beer! The bacon burger was decent along with he chicken wings, the cute waitress was nice and the Lifted Kilt beer really hit the spot!!!
Very good food, and great service! I had the cashew chicken and it was awesome, not too hot but spicy!
This is about as authentic Mexican food as you can find. Excellent Pastol & Asada tacos and at a great price! And of course, a good selection of cervezas! Very clean and friendly staff.
My girlfriend found hair in her food twice at this restaurant. The first time was a month and a half ago in an order of kimchi fried rice. The waitress at the time took it back, apologized, and sent for a new order. We decided to give the restaurant another chance tonight and the same thing happened. 3/4 into the meal, there was another hair peeking out from under the rice. No way it was hers because it was much shorter and a little curly (gross!). So I went to pay for the bill and told the waiter about the hair. He apologized but then said "next time just check". Great... because everytime you eat at a restaurant you should definitely check if there's hair in your food. Offered nothing else but his advice and a full-priced check. Never again.
Taken my car to them twice. The first time was for emissions which was fine an all. No complaints there. However, on my second visit I went in to diagnose an air conditioning issue. They claimed the problem was low on freon and just topped it off. They called me that the car was ready for pickup only to wait around for nearly an hour while they were having lunch. No apologies or anything. I was finally able to get my car and go only to discover the problem wasn't even rectified during the drive home!!! I haven't returned since as I've found a place that knows what they were doing and treat customer with more professionalism.
This place got great reviews so figured we would try it ..We got seated with a short wait We looked at the menu for a while waiting for the server to come by and get our drink order witch was about 10 minutes. She went to the table next to us 3 times and the 4th time she acknowledged our table and said she would be right back to get our order,  she came back took the check from the other table and walked away without even asking for our drinks or anything..We decided to leave.  Horrible service! To bad since the reviews are pretty good.
The cupcakes are nicely sized, and they have a variety of flavors. Unfortunately we tried the fruity pebble one and it tasted like the cake mix and icing came out of a box. The icing is actually more whipped than a traditional buttercream, too.
Do not recommend this place to anyone. Saturday 14th of Oct took my car in early in the morning to get an oil change and new tires for a trip down south to Nogales for a fam members baby shower. Pulled up to ask price for oil change and decided I would stay and do oil change and tires all in one place. Owner came out to drive my car in for oil change. My car had been making a funny sound for a while when I had the ac off but when I turned ac on it would stop. I asked him what do you think that noise is and proceeded to show him what noise it makes when the ac turns off. He stated it's your ac compressor. My husband and I had assumed that's what it was but that hadn't affected our car in any way. Still drove it to work and back with no problem, had just went up to Flagstaff in it. Car was running great. I waited in the lobby for about an hour and a half and then they said it was done. I paid, went out to drive it away, excited to go pick up my kids to head out on our trip and my car doesn't start. They asked me to try and start it a few times but it wouldn't go. They proceeded to tell me it was the battery. I disagreed it was the battery because everything inside was on when the key was turned. They then tried to push car and kick start it since it's a standard and that didn't work. They again pushed to say it's the battery and they brought a charger to start it ( when the battery wasn't dead) they put in another car battery and everything was exactly the same. I told them it's not the battery and they kept at it with saying it's the battery and that the wires are lose. Mind you I started my car fine that am to go to them. After that they said to me it's not the battery what do you want to do? I said I drove my car here and all I needed was an oil change and tires and now my car won't start. They said well something had to be wrong. I call my husband to come and he ends up having to call his mechanic to come to this shop to see what's wrong with my car. My husbands mechanic found the problem. When they raised the car to do the oil change somehow they hit my ac compressor and it locked up and that's why my car didn't start. The owner didn't want to accept any responsibility on what happened. I just wanted an answer and he didn't provide a mechanic to check my car at their shop. Today is Monday the 16th and nothing had been done with my car. I tried talking to the owner and right off the bat he said when I got there initially to do the oil change that I stated to him that my car barely made it there. Lied right away. I knew right then and there that this man is a liar and that they knew what they did to my car on purpose to get more money out of me. He said that if he puts a compressor in my car if there was issues he wouldn't guarantee the work and that I would have to pay each time if something went wrong cause even if it's a new compressor sometimes they are faulty too. Isn't that some awesome customer service. He made it out like I was trying to get something for free when they are the ones who messed up my car. I am taking my car elsewhere to get guaranteed work done. This man is a liar and doesn't care about taking care of the problem they caused. Do not go there they will mess up your car. The only reason I have one star is because one of the employees there was very helpful and wanted to fix our car but the owner wouldn't let him. He spoke to our mechanic who told him what they did. He understood and stated that the owner was just stubborn.
Fresh food, spiced well... fairly priced. Very clean establishment. Can't ask for much more than that!!!
I have now been into Von Doughnuts twice to make purchases, so thought I would share my review. Both times the owner at the front of the house was very pleasant to deal with.I have tried at least a bite of four different Von Doughnuts doughnuts.- Cake DoughnutsWake Me Up - Chocolate cake doughnut, mocha ganache dipped, hazelnut drizzle topped with toasted hazelnuts. This was a good tasting doughnut. Dense and not very sweet (sounds like it may be really sweet but I found it not to be). The one thing I would say is that it is a bit dry, follow-up in my other Cake Doughtnut review.Carrot Cake - Lime cheese icing with crushed almonds. This one is a great doughnut. Manageable size, fantastic taste. The reason I would rate this higher than the chocolate Wake Me Up doughnut is the icing. Where the Wake Me Up icing is hard, the Carrot Cake icing is wetter which is a much better match for the the drier cake doughnut base - Raised DoughnutsVON Kabobs - VON special sugar spice. This are bigger and better than Tim Horton's timbits. I like almost anything with cinnamon sugar so can't really go wrong with this type of doughnut. You can also purchase caramel dipping sauce for an additional $0.50 and that was very good too. I am not much of a dipper, but think this sauce would be awesome on ice cream.Peanut Butter Jelly Time - Peanut butter icing topped with homemade blueberry & raspberry jam. It appears that the raised donuts are much bigger than the cake doughnuts, and this one is more like a meal. The peanut butter icing had a strong peanut butter taste and I liked how the homemade jam was not overly sweet. I almost think that this one could be a filled donut (jam) and have the peanut butter icing on top only because the doughnut is so big.- Von Doughtnuts DecorThe only detractor of my review would be the actual store. I can get past the prices of the doughnuts after seeing and tasting them, but I find the store to be very dark inside. During the winter holidays, this seems magnified. I believe that Von Doughnuts is using the previous tenants (a bakery) set-up, which is completely understandable but here are a couple things I would change if they happen to be looking for suggestions!- Set up your bakery case to better showcase the doughnuts. Get rid of the bottom rack (too low) and build up instead, it is difficult to see the details of the doughnuts so low to the floor- Change/improve lighting of the case, the current lighting doesn't look very good- Change/improve lighting of the store, the current lighting is very dark(Please note that the pictures attached to this review are from my first visit and I only tried the Wake Me Up doughnut at that time).
I was really excited to see that Louis Cifer Brew Works was going into this space, and had been following their website and social media to see when they were going to open.Went in tonight with my father and had dinner. Overall I would say it was a very solid showing - especially for the place only being open about 5 days now. I will definitely be back with friends and family and am looking forward to catching a football game or two at the bar.Food: I had the Hand Cut Nachos with Guacamole ($14 + $3 guacamole). Found it very good, large portion. Finished with lime but I thought it was a little heavy and I probably wouldn't opt to add the guacamole in the future but would certainly order again.My father had the Blackened Sole Tacos ($14) which came with three tacos, rosemary fries and salad. Also a little large on the portion size but great value. The tacos were lukewarm by the time they got to us but I am sure there are some remaining kinks in the kitchen to workout regarding timing. Would also order this again.Drinks:I had the Dead Elephant which was awesome. Dad had the Central City Red Racer and while it was not really what he was looking for he still liked it.PS. To ownership: one of my favourite parts of our meal was the good music (Van Morrison, Aretha Franklin, Isley Brothers, etc.) Don't change that, enjoyed it a lot.
Offering shots to a table of noticeably disgruntled people does not rectify forgetting to put in a food order. Forget the DJ on a Wednesday night, stop letting your waitstaff drink on the job, and just do what you are trying to do-- be a cool looking bar, offer decent food, and make quality drinks.
We just ordered from this JJs for my office lunch (company orders from them and Milio's regularly because they're fast and deliver). It's been an hour since I received confirmation, so it's not living up the "freaky fast" promise. We're all having to delay lunch until it gets here, so we're not super thrilled with this experience. I'll update on our next order, they're usually great.
What a joke. Sat in drive thru for 12 minutes. Ordered a #6 (sandwich) and a 10 piece nugget. I received .... an 8 piece nugget and SEVEN orders of fries. Live an hr away and best way to "correct" was to drive back or stop in and give managers name when Im back in town. And what? Get a refund? Or another sandwich? No thanks. Check your bag before leaving drive thru - make sure you are getting what you paid for.
This psychic was absolutely amazing. Her reading was excellent on the spot.. Her office is very peace & beautiful filled with great energies. She was very detailed into her reading she knew things no body on earth could of known but me my son and like my other relatives.  So she gave me advice on what to do about my ex lover who really hurt me. I came there seeking advice i left with much more then advice, .. I left with enlightenment.  support, love, inspiration and hope,  i bought more sessions with Penelope & i thank god i did because her "spiritual work " bought forth my boyfriend and i back together.  :)) and my son is doing so much better with his education at school. And I'm just floating on cloud nine thanking god i met this angel xoxoxooxox
Walked in on Saturday afternoon and sat right down! Super friendly staff who took care of my pesky ingrown nails. Competitive prices on pedicures and manicures. Glad I walked in!
Who makes a patient wait 50 minutes AND lets someone who showed up 30 minutes after you go next? This place. I've been going here for over 10 years and I can not believe the poor level of customer service.
Fantastic moving company! Received same day quote that was reasonable compared to other companies we priced. What made the difference was the customer service. Rene, Arturo and Gerome were great to work with. They were accommodating to our schedule and arrived on time, ready to go. Honestly, I was still packing boxes when they arrived but that didn't stop them. They made sure I had room to work and offered to help take fragile items to my car. Super friendly and fun to work with! They completed the job quickly without any damages. I'd recommend them to anyone who needs moving services.
BEST. GRITS. EVER! ...and waffles, and bacon, and oatmeal and my husband is wild about the waffle pizza! The staff and owners are fab! I can't imagine having breakfast anyplace else. Everything is made to order and the menu is extensive and an excellent bang for your buck! Do yourself a favor and give it a try...you won't be disappointed.
Personable and energetic gentleman who owns the store is so informative about water and the necessity for "clean" water in one's diet. I love going in there for my water. I also appreciate the fact that he rinses my bottles, and puts them in my car after filling. If I could just get him to come with me to unload them at home!!!
Just had the mush/Swiss burger ugh! What a disappointment not enough mushrooms and the meat was well done when I asked for med rare. The bun that was suppose to be toasted was burnt, the only thing this place has going for it is the pizza and the onion rings.
A co-worker brought this into work one Friday... I became an instant fan. I am not big on sweet or donuts but this place is sooo good. The donuts are huge and they taste homemade not commercial like Crispy Kreme. I order the manager's dozen for work for Fridays.
The best Korean food I have tasted since moving to AZ. It took a while to find one that I actually like. Their spicy squid remind me of the restaurant I went to as a kid. Their jap chae is good but a little sweet which I am not used too. I still order it though. I have had their hot pots (Dolsot Bibim Bap)  and they are all good... the bulgolgi and kalbe are good as well. My mom orders the broiled milk fish and she loves it. They have a great selection of kim-chee and give you more if you want some. I am always asking for this seasoned seaweed and seasoned fish cake.The staff is good and always attentive. We go here soooo much that they know us. They also serve sushi and sashimi. I order the Sashimi if I am really feeling hungry. The cuts of meet taste fairly fresh.... I am picky about my fish especially since the closet ocean is a couple hundred miles away. This place does a good job of it. The sushi rolls are decent. Nothing spectacular.... Their smaller than what I am used to but then again I come here for their Korean food not the Japanese food. All in all the best Korean Restaurant I have been to since moving to the valley.
Not a big burger fan but this place is close to my work and I just needed to pick up something real quick one day so decided to check it out. I must say I was pretty impressed. The steak burgers are sooo tasty and they look homemade not your typical commercial patty. I went back and took a chance with the hot dog and it was good too. I love the grilled onion they put on it. I am not big on sweets but decided to try their frozen custard one time and I must say it was pretty damn good. Better than any ice cream I have ever tasted. I like the texture and consistency... It is very creamy and not too sweet. Oh and their fries... Can't get enough of them... I get them extra crispy and the seasoning they use it awesome. It's not just salt... Definitely a good place if you need a burger fix.I always use the drive through but the service is decent. Nothing special for a drive through. They have never got my order wrong.
Taking away stars from this place. They no longer serve dim sum daily. They now have a buffet that for the most part is rather bland and the presentation is so unappetizing. At least make it look good enough to eat. Dim sum comes out over cooked as if it was just reheated.
Just the thought of this places makes nauseated. I would give no stars if I could. The tandoori chicken on the buffet tastes like the smell of feces. The chicken curry uses cheap cuts of meats. There was so much bone and cartlidge. For a good Indian buffet I would check out Indian Palace next to I17 and Bell.  That place is soooo much better.
This place has the best tandoori chicken that I have ever tasted. It is so flavorful... They also have tandoori spicy chicken wings that I recommend. I have never had problems with their service like some of the other reviewers. Some might think it is a bit pricey but my motto is that you can't put a price on good food.  I love their garlic naan. Their chicken saag is also very good. Everything I have ordered here  has either met or exceeded my expectation. The menu is ala cart so if you want rice then you need to order it on the side but they give you a lot.
The Baristas Justin and Anthony make my day everytime I go there. They are so cute!!! I love starbucks but the fact that this one has a drive through makes it all the better. I like how they know me by my voice or my order. There is one guy there that creeps me out... He is an older guy with this weird stalker voice. It does get crowded in the morning though... But they get you in and out fairly quickly. BTW did I mention how ridiculously good looking Justin is? He's the Barista with that wonderful smile.Can't wait to go there tomorrow morning!!!My drink of choice: Iced Venti Americano no water lite ice and sometimes I get a splash of soy if I am feeling like being on the crazy side.
I am not big on Pizza but this place is definitely a winner!!!! The best Pizza place in Anthem!!!I love the selection and the food tastes oh so fresh. From the pizza to the ravioli. The pizza is good, the pasta is good, the bread is good, and the chicken wings are also... you guessed it. GOOD!Their delivery is quick and the people are nice. Prices are good for the quality of the food you get and I'd rather spend money at Barro's than waste it on Pizza Hut or Dominos any day.Their meat pizza is really good and the italian sausage they put on the pizza sare these huge chunks of italian yumminess.  The chicken pizza is good too and I love how much green peppers and onions they put on it. It gives it a crunch and makes it taste very fresh. Chicken wings have good flavor and HOT means hot... I even like the honey hot flavor which is not something I usually get. The spagehtti comes with this giant meat ball that is cut in half. The meat tastes soooo good. Like it is home made. Ravioli has good flavor too but I am not a big pasta fan so I usually eat the meat ball and  move onto the pizza or wings.  The garlic bread that comes with the pizza.... SOOO GOOD! We always order extra because I will not share... hahahaha
I saw all the reviews on this place and thought I would go here for lunch. The only bad thing I can think of is that it is too close to my work.  First thing I noticed was this place had Kim-chee, seaweed salad. and fried fish skin!!! They basically had me at hello. The seafood delight is the best I have tasted from a buffet. Very well flavored and not drowning in sauce and brocolli. The stuffed crab was great and they had vegie tempura that was good too. The short ribs were well seasoned. Everything I tasted was good considering it was a buffet. The dishes were always being refilled and I never had to wait for anything. Not having too much of a sweet tooth I decided to just walk by the dessert section. Big mistake! They had nilla waffers covered with banana pudding. Can you say comfort food? So I grabbed a little and on my way back to my seat I picked up a malisada (donut) and fried banana. All was good!
I would like to start this review by saying that I WAS never a real big fan of sweet BBQ sauce. That is more of a cultural thing though. I was just never exposed to it. That said, I was not too excited when co-workers chose this place for dinner one night. Let me say that this place is sooo good I ended up BUYING BBQ sauce to take home with me. They come in different levels of HOT! My favorite is the Devil's Spit which seems to just get hotter the more you eat. I have come back here multiple time and I may have possibly tried everything on their menu. I LOVE their ribs... I am a fan of the corn bread and the mashed potatoes are good too. Other things that are good are the brisket and pulled pork. I wait-staff is attentive and they were really helpful in explaining each sauce. It gets crowded so don't plan on having a quiet evening if you come here.
I was really excited to try this new place out. The pictures and the reviews were good. I got here ordered my food and then they give my order to someone else. What's worse is that they did nothing until I said something about it. The food doesn't even look as good! I should have went to Lux. At least their service is on point!
Service here sucks!The atmosphere is very pretentious considering this place is pretty much in the middle of the barrio... The seating inside is horrible.... It is one big long table and everyone gets seated next to each other. I was deeply immersed in the conversations of the groups to my left and my right.  The group on my right were going to watch a show after dinner and the group on my left just got back from a trip and they were meeting up with a friend for Vietnam. I made up stories about getting a sex change operation just to mess with everyone because if I heard them then sure as hell heard me. I went here with my mom after we visited the Botanical Gardens. The outside looks like it could be a local dive bar... When you go in everything is dark... I hated it... The kitchen is open so you see them cooking the food and you can hear all the dishes making noise. The clientle seemed like they were more middle-upper class but they were all weirdos... It is one thing to watch the Real Housewives of Orange County but you can't pretend to be the Real Housewives of Orange County.Thank God the sangrias are good. They get 1 star for their sangrias... the other star was for the flavor of the food. It was good... I really like the Paella... They did not get anymore stars because the server got our order wrong and failed to bring us one of the dishes we ordered. Oh and she gave us bread with olive oil... No balsamic vinegar... I had to ask for it... WTF???  Did I mention how she made us feel like we did not belong there... Excuse me miss I work for tips. You messed with the wrong Diva today!!! So I ended tipping her $1.00... on a $90 bill. My mom was embarrassed but I am not running for Mrs. Congeniality so be glad I even left a tip. *Evil Laugh* Oh and they do not have diet coke... WTF? It is 2010... Doesn't every place have a diet soda.  They said they have Lemon Aid.... Um... Diet Soda is not Lemon Aid. Another WTF moment!Also one last thing to bag on them about... The waitress told us they had specials but when we read the menu the specials were just the same thing. I even asked if there was something different and she said no. To this day I wonder what made them special if they were part of the regular menu.BTW this place is all tapas so everything is on little plates. Not sure why people are surprised.  That is a given considering the name of the place. Price was in-line with the quality of the food.... don' get me started on the service though.  I am now taking away 1 of the 2 stars I gave them just because I had to think about the service we got and it still leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I hope you have a better experience at this place and less "WTF" moments. LOL
Definitely a fan of this place. It is not too often you find a Thai Buffet yet alone one that serves fairly decent tasting food. This place does both and a really good job of the later.The selection is good here... My favorite is the dish with the fried fish fillet. It always hits the spot. I really like the 2 soups they have. I usually have 1 small bowl of each. The chicken with basil is good also. None of the dishes in the lunch buffet are bad but aside from the ones I mentioned earlier it's just decent. Hence the 4 stars versus 5.For desert they have mini donuts... they taste like malisadas if your familiar with that. Wait-staff is nice but I always need to tell them I need extra napkins.
This place was recommended by a co-worker when first moved to Phoenix. At one point I was going there 2 times a week. Food is EXCELLENT considering the prices. It's inexpensive, quick, and delicious.I recommend the ASU Devil Chicken... Their stir fried veggies are good too. I have not had anything that was not good. Their crab puffs are really good. A bit on the sweet side but I am not complaining.
This is an amazing space and a great experience each time. Rates are always a good deal and I like that the local community has access to the pool and spa as well as the restaurant. The last time I visited the hotel was for ARTel which was a amazing and I look forward to going back for that show. This is a great little boutique hotel that caters to both the locals and visitors alike.
So many BBQ spots opening up in the area it's almost hard to choose.I got the sampler platter... My favorite part was the beef brisket. It was AMAZING!!! Everything else was just okay. I'd go here again but just order the brisket. I had to tell them to keep the fat on cuts of meat though. The lunch line can get crowded but I think they just need a better way of taking orders. The dining room set-up is a bit interesting as it looks like an old warehouse and its in the back of the space. I like that they are reusing the space without having to do too much. I came back here twice in one month... that says a lot!
I met someone here for dinner one night... They have the best Pad See Ue (sp?) that I have ever tasted. They sprinkle fried garlic over it and I love the burst of garlic every time I bite into one. Service was decent and the wait staff was very attentive. We had papaya salad, beef salad, chicken and beef satay and green curry. Everything was delicious. I live in the very northern parts of Phoenix but do not mind the drive. It is worth it.
The juice bar here is full of sh!t!!!! They are never open and the excuse the front desk tells me is that they are not affiliated with LA fitness and the owner just opens it when he wants. That is not an acceptable response.... the gym itself is great... good equipment, hot guys to looks at and hook up with. You get 1 star until you change up that crappy ass juice bar that's never open. It's a waste of space!
This is the only place I go to watch movies now.... They have a full bar, the food menu is extensive for a movie theater. Drinks are pretty good and you even get a glow stick in some of the specialty cocktails. Servers have always been helpful without being pushy. Appetizer sampler is a good starter... Don't forget you can also get candy and popcorn like a regular movie concession. BTW the order of regular popcorn is HUGE-GANTIC!!! Parmesan Fries are also good and the portion is huge! Don't forget the full bar!! You can meet up before the movies and get a little toasted! HahahaTry to get a theater that has the touch button recliners. They are so comfortable... It makes it feel like you're watching a movie in bed. Don't forget to validate your parking.
Food is yummy and drinks are just as good.The seaweed salad is one of the best I have tasted in the valley. I like mine a little more dry but the flavor is spot on. The Poke is great and I could eat it as a meal. Did I mention that the Poke taste like a little piece of Hawaiian heaven?I had the blackened fish which was good. It had some mango salsa on it but I am not a big mango salsa fan so I had to put that to the side. The Poke alone has me hooked on this place.The architecture of this place is pretty cool... It was different and a good topic of conversation when you're on a first date. Even the bathrooms are done up pretty nice. I like the tongue and groove wood panels that go half way up the wall. Very nice touch! Even the sink was unique. The only thing I did not like were the sweet potatoe pomme frites (french fries). They were soggy... and that is a personal thing... I am not a big fan of soggy fries. I like my potatoes to be croquant (Crunchy).
Holy Atomic Pile of Sh!t Batman!!!!This stuff sucks.... Like the previous reviewer I got sucked in by the commercials. Plus they were the only ones open at 9:50PM for delivery. Else we would have done Barro's Pizza, which by the way is awesome!Yes the website makes the process look cool but it is 2010 and I know high school kids with flashplayer skills that can do the same thing.On to the food review!We ordered a thin crust cali bacon chicken ranch pizza with mild chicken wings, cheesy bread, and that chocolate crunch cake thingy. The Pizza and Bread... Tasted like they put tons of salt on it. I was hoping that the additional green peppers, onioins, and mushroom would give it some flavor but I would not  have noticed they were there if I did not order it. The crust was all right but how do you screw up a thin-crust? Let's not hold them to that though...The cheesy bread was cheesy, crappy, and salty all rolled into one. The chicken wings were not as cooked as I would have liked which made it even more gross.  There was a lot of skin on them. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!  I am not sure what kind of sauce they put on it but it looked like watered down ketchup and it just looked plain nasty. It did not look appetizing at all! On a normal day I can throw down a double order of wings with no problem but with this I only ate 2 pieces and said to myself "what a waste of money." The chocolate crunchy thing tasted okay but it was very sweet. I might be diabetic now because of it. Next time it's late and no one is open for delivery then I will either starve or get my lazy as up and drive somewhere that is open. Considering In-n-Out and Denny's is right down the street from me I definitely wasted my money. If you enjoy wasting money on pooh then by all mean go for it.I would give this place negative stars if I could.
This place is okay for what it is...  Yvette had it spot-on in her review about the consistency and taste. They have the right idea but have somethings to work on. There was a good looking young man (a cutey if I say so myself and I do say so... )working the register when I was there and he had very good customer service. There was a sloppy looking girl there with him who was chatting her mouth off about why she was late for work and about how her stitches opened up. I lost my appetite immediately but bit my tongue at saying anything although I wish I did now that I am writing this.I was excited that they had mochi until I found out that they were strawberry flavored not plain and they were all hard because they were sitting out for awhile. Good mochi is soft and pliable... this stuff was more like gummy bears. I did not see what other selections they had of toppings tas I only get mochi.... It is a deal breaker for me.I wish there was Yogurt Land somewhere close by.... It is the best place in Orange County California to get yogurt!!! And they are open till midnight at the Costa Mesa location if you need a late night fix.
LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!I was feeling sore from a work out and got the first time member's price...  Deep Tissue never felt so good. I liked it so much I got the membership... I was going every other week but then decided to upgrade myself and go weekly. What the hell... This is my weekly treat to myself. Dennis is really good for deep tissue but he hurt himself so my new guy is Brano. He's just as good. For a little guy he sure can put the pressure on. Can't wait for my Friday appointment...The whole membership deal is not bad at all... 1 free massage a month and they have a location in Costa Mesa so I can get my massage when I am in Southern Cali. They have locations all over the place so it is convenient but still a little dangerous because I am contemplating on doing a 30 minute massage during lunch. Who needs to eat right? LOL
This is L&L... How can you go wrong? If you been to one L&L then you been to them all... It's a franchise, but they do a good job of it.They do chicken katsu really good here... I like how they have poke and kim-chee but the poke is a bit over priced and it is loaded with onions... sometimes more onions that fish. Then again you can never put a price on good food. I really like the Lau Lau from here... It is rare that I can get good Lau Lau unless I am at someone's house and someone's grandmother made it.  I like how they have the atkin's plate for those who are watching carbs... Portions are big so I would think about going with the mini plate and try 2 different things. The spam musubi is good for what it is... A piece of pan seared spam over rice wrapped up in seaweed... Sometimes I think it is too much rice but it is not like you can't take some of the rice out.
This is my little gem in the city... I can call them at midnight and still order chillaquilles! I have tried the different dinner specials they have and I constantly tell myself, "Oh they need to put this on the menu..."Oh and I can taste hints of chocolate in the mole sauce. I'm getting hungry just writing this review and I think I know where I'm going to grab some dinner!But seriously.. check this place out. Great menu and flavors!
I agree with the first review... This is the best market in the area. I did see some organic or free range beef when I was there today. What I couldn't find was aged beef although the butcher pointed out that the premium steaks they had were at least 12 to 15 days old. They really have a good variety here... and don't forget the sushi station they have. You won't find that at any of the other markets in the area. Their fried chicken is the best in town also. It is a quick dinner for a small price. They have low carb items that other markets in the area do not carry. This is my market of choice since moving to AZ.
Best Indian lunch buffet I have had while living in AZ. Dishes are flavorful , staff is very attentive. Their Nan is sooooo fresh. I try to come her once a week for my Indian food fix. The selection changes every day and everything is good. I never leave here disappointed.
Best Chinese food in town.... they do salt and pepper EVERYTHING (Chicken, pork chop, shrimp, and squid)! Not to mention they are quick! You can call them up and no matter how big the order is it will be done in 15 minutes. I always joke about it but it's not a laughing matter when other restaurants have you waiting.
I just found this place about 2 weekds ago and I have been here twice already. It is about a 40 minutes drive for me but well worth it. The strip mall it is in is very ghetto. Food here is a little on the hot side so be warned.... Medium is more like HOT. I love the appetizer platter that has a little bit of everything. The fried tofu is sooo yummy.  I can order that for my dinner and be satisfied. The Thai Spicy fried rice is really flavorfull. I like their fried catfish with some red sauce... Very good as well.The next time I go I am getting green curry with beef...
Shittest food you can find in a banquet hall. Even though 40% of the people at the party were vegetarian they're vegetarian food was complete trash. You should rethink your choices before picking this plac .
Everything about Deli On Butler is top notch. The food is amazing when it comes to taste, portion and price. The customer service you get is outstanding as everybody is very pleasant and personable.
Lets start off by saying I've eaten some pretty amazing BBQ and some pretty awful food in my life. This place falls in the category of awful. BBQ sauce is thin, runny and tasteless. Mac N Cheese can bs be shown up by Stouffers. Cornbread was a $4 ripoff. Pulled pork wasnt bad tho but when everything else is subpar the meat doesnt come close to save this place.
I have been searching high and low in Pittsburgh for a great place to get a haircut. Graham's has given me the best haircuts I have ever gotten. They are some personable guys and their prices are reasonable. This shop has great character with some passionate guys running it. Do yourself a favor and stop on by.
Stay away from this place if you have any kind of value for your money. They sell currency at a slap in the face price and they buy it back for a even bigger slap in the face price. I got some currency exchanged by them and then brought the same currency that I did not use to a different location and they say " We don't buy back that currency" Ummmmm ya you do because you just gave it to me. Stay away from here and use your debit card as much as you can or just go to a bank that can assist you.
I had a lot of expectations for this place, but I have made more gourmet pb&j in my own kitchen. There is really nothing apecial about this place. I had a sandwich and then went to get some real food else where
Cool place that offers you a drink while you wait. The haircuts are pretty good but this is probably the most expensive spot to get your hair cut. Price isn't always a big issue but when price is escalated then so are ny expectations and they weren't really met.
Been coming here for several years and i cant say that I have ever had a bad experience. The prices are great and the food is delicious. One of the best places to eat in Pittsburgh.
Jesus Christ couldn't make a better pastry. My favorite things are the dirt balls and maple rolls
Some very mediocre food. It was so disappointing that I can only believe the good reviews listed here are friends of the proprietor or management
Went here yesterday, my girlfriend ordered a blue moon draft. After taking a sip of the beer ahe noticed a dead fly in it. We told the waiter and he quickly got her another beer. Nothing was comped on the bill which i find pretty absurd....
This place is a scam.  I moved out the end of September 2010 -- still had a little over three months on my lease.  I continued to pay electric and rent through the end of my lease.  When I moved out, they gave me a letter stating not to pay any remaining water bills, that it will revert back to them and they will send a bill to cover it.  The issue - after the lease ended, they sent a letter stating that I owed $455 for my final couple of months of water bill.  So they kept my deposit and wanted to collect on the remaining.  My water bill each month while living there was on average of $50/month... how does that equate to $455 for about three months of time?  I checked with the water company and there was usage in the apartment after I moved out - which means the complex was utilizing it for something (or moved someone in) while I was still paying on the lease.  The complex did not return calls pertaining to this case.  A month later, I get a letter from a collection agency for the remaining portion of the water bill.  I explained the situation to the collection agency and presented them with my own findings from the water company -  it sounded fishy to the collection agency as well.  They put in a request for more detailed information from the complex.  A couple of months later, the complex still has yet to respond to the collection agency's request.  Radio Silence from the complex on both sides, but since it was submitted to a collection agency, I have to pay it to keep it from going on my credit.  Needless to say, I am attaining an attorney.
Off the beaten path but absolutely incredible coffee. It's a hipsters dream come true (was totally out of place but would go back everyday if I could). Would recommend to any coffee drinker out there.
Great gem of Pittsburgh.  Half the reason we went was from reading other Yelp reviews so Kudos to all of you! Went for breakfast and got the breakfast burrito.  Let's just say that was the breakfast AND lunch burrito.  The portions were huge but great flavor combinations.  Would love to go back and try some more traditional options because everything that was walking by me looked delish!! Go hungry
Holy raunch-tastic and I say that in the greatest way possible. If you blush at crude or politically incorrect humor, this show is NOT for you! The circus type atmosphere is intimate and amazing. The performers are so talented that you are left with your mouth hitting the floor but beware, if you are in the first three rows with this expression on your face you might get called on the stage to give a lap dance in a 69 position to the 80 year old gentleman sitting beside you. Oh and, I'm not joking!! The night is filled with incredible performances mixed with full on belly laughter as long as you're not one of the chosen ones that everyone is laughing at. Well worth it if you are traveling to Vegas, sans children. It's so entertaining I would definitely go back and see it a second maybe even a third time.
Above average fish & chicken tacos.  Ice cold bottled beer. That's all you can ask for in an airport...again...this is an airport so measure your expecations.Stick to the basics and I think you well do well here....stray to wine, mixed drinks, and other items and I wish you the best of luck my friends....
Fez was recommended by Phoenix YELPers, and it did not disappoint. The food was phenomenal. We had the shrimp and lobster cake appetizer, which was good, but not especially memorable. But, then we had the Fez burger - pears, crisped onions, salty cheese, and perfectly cooked savory beef patty, all on ciabata bread - which was pretty much one of the best burgers I've ever tasted. We also ordered the Lamb Kisba - it seems to be a wheat based flat bread dough, with a few herbs baked into it, topped with tender, seasoned lamb, spinach leaves, red onions, and a mustard reduction sauce - which we both thought was interesting and tasty. The portions were very generous, and we couldn't finish our meals, so we took them back to the hotel. Hopefully the kisba is good as a cold breakfast. The drinks were were strong and affordable, though I recommend asking for a particular tequila if you're ordering a margarita (this is a very specific issue, since they specialize in martinis, and I happen to be a tequila fan), since the well tequila isn't one of my favorites. I ordered mine with Don Julio Blanco, and it was refreshing as can be. The service was good. Our server was very friendly, although she seemed to have a giant section. We never wanted for anything, but if we were picky, I could imagine that we might have. Lucky for me, I'm easy! Overall, the place was pleasant and fun. Thanks to you Phoenix YELPers who recommended it, and thanks to FEZ for delivering such a quality experience.
We came to Arizona to watch The Dodgers at Spring Training, and we asked the local YELPers for some advice about where to have dinner and drinks.  They recommended the Roosevelt Row for art\, food, and delicious beverages.We didn't see much art, as we weren't here for the "First Friday," which seems to be the busiest day of the month on this strip, and we didn't really look too far for food, because we ended up at The Roosevelt, which tickled our fancies for plenty of great reasons:1. Great beer selection - We had Delerium Tremens, Stone Arogant Bastard, Roosevelt House Pale Ale, Alpine White Rascal, and Hitachi White Ale, and all of them were delicious, as well as fairly priced.2. Fantastic food menu - There were a lot of interesting options to choose from, but we went with the Pan Del Padre (Croustini with chorizi and manchego), Nocino (basically a Media Noche without the pickles), and the Wonder Dog (a very environmentally-concious frank with your choice of toppings).  Everything was tasty, and we couldn't even finish it all, because the portions were so generous.3. AMAZING service - We're from California, and we told the staff that.  There is no reason that they should be so friendly and accomidating to us, as there's no way for us to become regulars.  However, they were attentive, knowledgeable, warm, and welcoming.  Kori, Rachel, and Leah were all alternating behind the bar, and we never wanted for anything.  Our glasses were always full with great beer (see above), our questions about the city were always answered with excitment and vigour, and our taste buds were consistantly flattered by the sumptuous fare they recommended.  A+4. Comfy Ambiance - It's a converted house, like a lot of places in this area of Phoenix seem to be, but they did it right.  It's warm, comfortable, stylish, and fun.  Whomever designed this place did a bang up job.Thank you, Roosevelt, you made our first night in Phoenix a great one.
I'm from LA, and I LOVE Rosco's Chicken and Waffles. I was apprehensive about this place, based on high expectations, which I hold from Rosco's. However, Lolo's was THE JAM! The parking = easier and better and safer than Rosco's (any location) The wait = only 20 minutes on a Saturday morning at 10am. Rosco's would have been at least 45 minutes. The service = friendly and welcoming. They had no intention of rushing us out of there, even though there was a wait list at the host stand. I could tell that our server (Sarah, I think) wanted us to have a comfortable, relaxing meal. The food = Just as good as Rosco's (which means, superb!). I ordered the #10, which is two chicken legs and a waffle. The chicken was insanely buttery and moist, with perfect crispy crust. The waffle was short, flat, covered in butter, and accompanied by piping-hot syrup. That's exactly how I like it. I also asked our server for an order of her favorite side dish, and she brought me a side of collared greens, which were the best I've ever had. They were buttery, crisp, and somehow spicy. I asked one of the other employees how they got the spice, and he said it's crushed red pepper flakes, though he seemed unsure. Whatever it is, it's heaven. This place is worth a trip, and definitely worth the cost. Thank you Lolo's!
Super cozy diner.  It's small and doesn't have much of a street presence so it's fairly easy to miss if you aren't paying attention.  The diner is a classic boxcar that stays true to it's roots.  The outdoor seating area looks quite enjoyable for a late night snack, though I'm not sure if they are open that late.  Gotta love the outdoor ordering window.  You're best best inside is if you can catch a seat at the corner of the counter.  You not only get a great view of the chef doing the cooking but have a nice fat fan behind you to cool you off.  We arrived shortly after it opened and chatted with the cook to get his suggestions on what to order.  Very friendly and funny.  The counter's got various coffee table books full of quotes and handy worst case scenario answers.  I had the Garfield which was a fried egg sandwich specialty.  I can't really recall all the ingredients but the salsa in the sandwich was amazing.  My girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese and it was knock out.  Prepared with olive oil, it was by far one of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had.  The french fries were done just right and the seasoning on them really hit the spot.  The total for both of us including a couple of ice teas was under twenty dollars.  A great deal anywhere.Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem.
I have to admit I was expecting more from SMoCA.  The only thing that the museum suffers from is it's size.  It's small and the jury is still out on whether or not that is a bad thing.  The exhibits I saw "space is the place" and a collection of modern masterpieces from a local families collection was very very impressive.  Flow throughout the gallery space was quite nice though leaves you wanting much more.  The architecture by Bruder is minimal and to the point which is quite refreshing.  If you visit don't snooze on the great James Carpenter Glass installation and the James Turrell skyscape on your left as you enter the museum.  The gift shop was nice and had some great art/design books.   I would've liked to pick up a "space is the place" poster but they didn't have any.  Definitely recommended for the quirky exhibits and of course the Turrell and Carpenter installations.  Wait...maybe I did get what I expected out of SMoCA.   My bad, SMoCA.
I called and reserved a suite a week prior to coming and upon arriving was told that all of the suites were being worked on and were unavailable.    To their credit they did give us two rooms with a connecting door so we could be with our kids but I was annoyed this was not brought to my attention when I called a few days prior. The pool was pretty cold for being a heated pool and was only enjoyable during the hottest part of the day and often had lots of leaves and debris in it and was out of towels on one visit. The fountain part doesn't appear to be working.  Breakfast is included and was average.  The AC in our room did not work fully (somewhat cool not cold) and sounded like a 747 taking off.   I think this place was probably really nice a decade or two ago but the carpets are warm, the bed was ok, the wifi intermittent and things look like they need some updating to really be on par with other hotels.
Stumbled on this place while staying in midtown Phx on a weekend vacation and so glad we did.    Yummy all around.    Good carne asada, margaritas, elote appetizer and even the rice and beans were very good.    Parked in back and came in back door but staff was accommodating and overall was the best place we ate at during our time in Phx.   Would def come back.
What a treat, pun intended.   What an excellent place.   We liked exploring this little area of Phx while on vacation staying near midtown.    Was connected in a small courtyard like area with a cool bar we would have liked to have visited and few other shops.   The flavors were excellent and they had something for kids (strawberry) and something for adults (Mexican chocolate with cinnamon and cayenne)   Everything was delicious and wish we could come back to try the ice cream filled doughnuts.  Owners were friendly and accommodating with free tastes etc....     great little place
Yum!   I would agree with the other reviews that mention that the looks of the location can be deceiving.   Next to the circle K it looks like nothing special but the pizza was excellent.  Thin crust, wood fired, doesn't get much better.   Really enjoyed it while staying in Midtown on vacation.
Easy check out and even easier check in. Everyone I spoke with was super friendly and just all around awesome!!
Authentic, delicous Greek food.  Fast, friendly service.  Everything on the menu is great, especially the gyros.
5R Cha is a hidden gem that offers what we think is THE BEST Thai food in all of Phoenix!!!  We discovered it tucked away in a small shopping area in NE Mesa and thought we would give it a try.  We had Tom Ka Gai soup, Papaya Salad, Green Chicken curry, Pad Thai with prawns, and Crying Tiger Beef, and we were blown away by the flavor, quality and authenticity of all the dishes.  The Crying Tiger Beef was the best we have ever had... anywhere... ever... The decor is simple, but the service is superlative.  Service is fast, servings are generous, and the dishes are creatively presented.  We have been back more than a few times and have yet to find anything we don't like at this lovely Thai restaurant.
Bikram Yoga Mesa is the friendliest, genuinely warm and most welcoming yoga studio I have ever had the pleasure of visiting.  Being from out of town, I drop in from time to time and am always amazed at the positive, relaxed vibe that I feel from the minute I open the door to the time I leave.  Jon and his teachers are amazing; they are consistently positive and smiling, both in the hot room and outside it.  Visiting this studio is a mentally refreshing and physically invigorating, all round highly positive experience for me.  Highly recommend!!!2017 update: Went back after a long break, and was so happy to find that BYM is as fabulous as ever.  The hot room was pleasantly hot, the teacher Julie was so encouraging and positive, and the overall experience was a 10/10.  I love the option of choosing either a 90 minute or 60 minute class; each one has its unique benefits, and both provide an amazing workout that leaves you refreshed, re-energized and happy :)
While visiting Las Vegas we wanted to desperately  escape the overpriced low-quality  food from the hotels on the strip. Thank you Yelpers for your help  finding this jewel!We arrived 30 min before closing and we were welcomed as if they just opened their doors. Our server Jacob made some suggestions since this was our first time here and  we were not familiar with the menu. I had the special: short ribs, two eggs, garlic rice and for the perfect ending German cake pancakes.Hubby ordered the pork egg Benedict.Oh boy...what a breakfast!!Food came out super quick. Everything was delicious, cooked to perfection, the ribs were unbelievable.  Tender, juicy...could have been a rib eye. That good!! Thanks again to Jacob for this suggestion and for keeping my cup of coffee full at all times.  He was very attentive.The pancakes...ufff....to die for. I can't describe it...just have them.
FRESH! TASTY!!Super clean place. Very courteous cashier and server. I ordered the braised lamb Crazy Pita bowl and loved it. Comes with hummus, salad, rice and pita bread. The lamb was exquisite. Perfectly cooked and not greasy like other places. Tasty and moistWe also ordered the chicken and salmon skewers with salad, both seasoned perfectly , both delicious!Pita bread is served warm and both the cucumber and regular salads were very good.I wish i would  have taken pictures but i ate my food too quickly!!UPDATE: picture i posted is from new order. Yes! Im back! Is THAT good
In desperate need of an experience manager.Friday morning. No 2% or fat free milk for drinks  (only soy, almond and whole  we are told). No biggie for me since I drink my americano milk and sugar-free but I was also getting a nutella latte. Cashier probably in training because he was clueless. Ordered a fruit tart (pastry shelf was almost empty, not many options) and he had to go get help to identify  it. (???)  and almost handled food without gloves! We had to stop him.He also struggled to get our drinks in the computer and didn't know how to determined if the reward program  awarded us a free drink today. Asked us a name for the order...4 people in the batista area. Chatting and  One drink is sitting there.  Someone else has to ask again if I ordered an americano and what size was it. ( cashier had ask me already 3 times) so, they don't have a system to follow up on orders?So it happens that the drink sitting there was the nutella latte, but  in spite of asking for a name for the order they just don't use it. I love good coffee and sambalatte  has it.  I have been to the strip location many times but this  location needs attention  really bad.
I'm not sure what's better: the eclectic food options or the people watching. Expect unique Mexican/asian fusion food, great bar space with huge TVs and Vegas-esque interiors (there's a tree in the middle of the restaurant). Guac with crab, specialty margaritas, garlic noodles, tacos (which are very reasonably priced) were all hits with me. This would be a fun place to take out of town guests as it does bring in a quintessentially Scottsdale crowd PLUS it's a local pick as all Osio restaurants currently operate in Scottsdale or Phoenix.
We live nearby and wanted to check this place out  since it was new to the neighborhood. From an ambiance perspective this place wasn't my favorite, it just felt a little stuffy and dated compared to the other new development in the area (Sumo Maya, Paul Martins, Binks, etc.. In hindsight this probably isn't surprising as they are under the same ownership group as Tomaso's which is a more old school traditional Phoenix staple).The food wasn't bad but there are other atmospheres and dishes in the area I would prefer to spend $20 on.
If the name didn't immediate clue you in - these guys really know their wine. (The word 'terroir' is how a region's climate, soil, etc. impacts the taste of wine). Though they are total vino experts, there's nothing snobby or pretentious about this place. The whole team is welcoming and friendly with great knowledge on vino to boot! My fianc and I belong to their wine club. We stop by at least once/month to enjoy a glass of wine and pick-up our shipment.
Hands down, my favorite place to grab coffee in Scottsdale. Great coffee and breakfast burritos. Stop by on the weekends and enjoy sitting outdoors while listening to live music. Patio is pet friendly!
Have been to Olive & Ivy in small and large group settings for brunch, happy hour, and dinner with consistently good experiences. We had my Stepmom's surprise 60th birthday party here--the event space was easy to book--our event space was indoor/outdoor with great views of the Waterfront canal.
Rehab was the first place I discovered the art of putting fried egg on your burger. The hangover burger (Fried egg, bacon, colby jack cheese and hatch green chili) is on point--whether or not you were overserved the night prior. Great staff and comfortable (albeit island inspired) setting. Extra credit for it being a local business!
Having grown up in Scottsdale, Houston's has been a family favorite for birthdays, holiday dinners, or just a nice place to grab dinner. The wait staff is extremely polished and doesn't disappoint! Notable dishes:Artichoke Dip: as other Yelp reviewers have attested - this is probably the best artichoke tip I've ever tasted. Chicago style and comes with salsa (if your friends are picky eaters, sell them on that and keep the dip for yourself, chip refills are free.)Hawaiian Rib Eye: this pineappley marianade is the bomb.Sushi Menu: unexpectedly good for an American restaurant--the other dishes are worth trying first but the rolls can be great apps for the table.
The Galleria has a great location (right in the heart of Old Town's entertainment district) and is home to some major tech employers in the area: Yelp, Weebly, Zenefits, etc. The building itself is a bit dated and could use some love to keep up with its tech savvy tenants. Building is clean and parking garage is convenient for visitors.
The only negative thing I can say about Chop Shop is that they should have more of them. The wraps and protein bowls are where it's at. Recommend the kale and chicken wrap as an entree and a pressed juice. (Roots and Fruits or Liver Cleanse are both winners). These made to order juices are fresh and actually cheaper in price than neighboring bottled juice establishments (Nektar, etc.). The Old Town location recently expanded and took over neighboring retail space. Big improvement as this place can get very busy during key hours.
Excited to see more locations popping up in the Valley. Fun place to watch a game or grab a burger in Old Town. Only downside is this place gets pretty crowded. Fun day of the week based specials--my fav being 'Mac Daddy' Monday: build your own mac and cheese with UNLIMITED toppings for $11. This is delicious but rich--you may want to bring a plus one to balance things out and split a burger with. Impressively long beer list (if you're into that kind of thing) and wine list isn't shabby either considering this is a sports bar.
I have been Deyna's client for several years.  She is quick, efficient and always does a great job.  Her facilities are clean and lovely.  She has a lot of experience, so she will never hurt or burn you.  If you are thinking of waxing - call Deyna!!
The food is absolutely amazing! Chef's are entertaining and put on a bbq. I especially liked the mac n cheese, sausage and pulled chicken. Try for your catered event!
Kristin is amazing! If you chose this salon for hair color or any hair maintenance you'll be completely satisfied and thrilled with her service and skill! She also does permanent make up and very experienced in hair extensions!
Booked an appointment for my daughter to have her lashes tinted for graduation and I'll never book here again. When I made the appointment I was called back a few hours later to see if we would change the appointment to a later date which I couldn't reschedule for later so they kept it as is. Then on the day the the appointment they called to ask us to come in early. Going in early was fine but for $30 my daughters lashes were barely different. The technician left the dye on for maybe 5 minutes and bid us farewell without even enquiring if we were satisfied. Needless to say I had to get her lashes tinted again the next day somewhere else. *she has had her lashes tinted before without any problems with results so it was not her lashes having problems holding the color*
Fresh veggies and you put it together yourself so if you don't like it, kinda your own fault ;) staff is friendly and it's a great price for all you can eat.
One star for breakfast, based on the value. I ordered the breakfast panini, a cup of coffee, and a bear claw; and that came to $21. The menu promised a high class version of the classic breakfast sandwich, but the cooks did not deliver. I received two pieces of plain white bread with some grill marks on the outside. Inside there was a touch of lunchmeet ham - the kind where you can see the pressmarks through the package at the grocery - a small over-hard egg, and melted Velveeta. For an $11 sandwich, I am used to receiving the heavenly goodness of Zingerman's Deli in Ann Arbor, an equally overpriced town, and that I happily pay for. Jean Philippe left me feeling angry and abused.The bear claw was decent, and the coffee was OK.
Stopped by as I was walking through Caesar's for a quick snack, and sat at the bar. The server recommended the Scotch Egg and pub chips (fries). She was friendly and efficient, and correct on the recommendation. Both items, while simple, were done to perfection. The chips were about a third of a potato or more each, and you got eight, so quite a bit of potato. They were crispy on the outside and just right on the inside. The house made ketchup was good enough to eat without putting it on the chips. It was my first scotch egg, so I don't have much to compare, but I enjoyed the contrast of the spicy sausage, egg, and slightly molten yoke. yum!
I am a huge fan of the beer selection and happy hour, not so much on the food. As a beer aficianado, I was impressed by the choices of beer on the menu. Not an overwhelming list, just a good list. Happy hour makes this one of the most affordable places in Vegas to drink, too. Also, Todd gives away free beer on the 7-second challenge. He cheats a little by making you start and finish with the glass on the table, which takes a second and a half out of the time, so a 5.5-second slam if you can. Good for two free beers a night.Also they have four cask beers on pump, but I was mislead by the menu when it appeared they had a custom bourbon cask beer, when in reality they have a custom bourbon, AND four cask beers but they are unrelated. The rib-eye chili was nothing to write home about.
Went for lunch with my family and it was very busy because it's Sunday afternoon. My food was great but had to wait for someone to clean off the tables. Otherwise this location is always nice and clean.
Had a very pleasant visit at this location.  Went there with my son for an evening treat before we head home to Yuma, where there is no baskin robbins :-(. The employees were very nice and helpful.  We will definitely be back once were in town again.
I went in on a Thursday afternoon, for a deep conditioning treatment and blow dry. I wear my hair natural and had just taken my protective style out that had been in for 2 months. My hair was a wild mess and Crystal's patience with my hair was awesome because believe me my hair has a mind of its own (thick, kinky curly). Needless to say my hair never felt and looked better. I was in and out within an hour! ! This was one of the best salon experiences I've had in a while and I will definitely be going back to see Crystal!
I went today which is a Sunday,  not to busy and store was clean. The only thing that was annoying was that their was only one register open and the wait was about 7 min when I only spent about 10 min in the store.
Service is excellent, our 4 egg omelet with spinach, parmesan and cheddar was huge and the avocados were delicious. Our one French toast superb, staff is courteous and even the Boss, helped!  The team work is awesome and atmosphere great, we will be back!
Fustration. Today I walked into here expecting to buy a jacket. My friend said there's one that they recommend I get. I wasn't sure which one they were talking about so I took a picture and sent it to them to see if that's the one. The associate immediately came to me and said "Uhmm you can't take photos here" in the snobbiest voice ever. (He's got blonde hair and was wearing black) I explained how my friend recommended a jacket and i wasnt sure which one it was so I needed to send them a photo to make sure it was the one. I'm pretty sure he told me no photos because I'm Asian and he thinks I'll be sending it overseas for it to be copied. He stalked me like a hawk while I was shopping. I had to use the fitting room when he wasn't looking cause I felt that if I asked to try it on he would think I'd be taking photos. I left without buying anything. Only reason why it gets 2 stars is cause the day before I bought some clothes here and the cashier was really nice. This happened today. March 25, 2015.
A bit disappointed in the variety of choices for the lunch buffet. There was only 4 choices. 2 were vegetarian. As hungry as we were... we had no choice. I was really looking forward in trying their lunch buffet. I wish there was more options. But service was amazing and the Naan bread was nice and warm!
Food was great. I'm not big on Indian food so I wasn't sure what was on the menu. The guy was more than happy to explain it to me. I got a combo for $10. Came with 2 meats/veg/rice/naan/Rice Pudding. I asked for the tandoori chicken expecting 2 small pieces... but I got one. The Naan was cooked fresh infront of me and the guy cashed me out. When I was walking out he told me he was about to close... which got me thinking why didn't they just give me more tandoori chicken if they are closing? But the food was good. Service was great! Just disappointed that they were cheap on the pieces of chicken. BTW. The rice pudding was AMAZING.
Love going to T&T with my friends for evening food or just hanging out. I drop by for a bite when biking. It's a beautiful location with the skyline of Toronto right outside. Food is good. Great price for the amount of food you get. They are very generous with portions. Grab some dim sum and an Arizona... you're good for lunch!
Shame on you Compliments at A Hilton Spa and Salon ( 15440 N. 7th St., Suite 18 * Phoenix, AZ 85022) for charging $55 for a 5 year old's pedicure after quoting me a much lower price. That is obscene for an ordinary  run of the mill child's pedicure.
Fantastic sushi, the rolls were terrific and the service was excellent. We were down from Alaska for vacation and are very picky when it comes to seafood. That said I would recommend this place to anyone
I am posting this Yelp review as a courtesy warning to those looking for low gas prices.I am a rideshare driver and always look for the lowest priced gas in my area. I came across Rhino Mart on Pyle and Pollock, which sells gas for $2.49 per gallon. Be advised, YOU MUST PAY CASH to receive the lower priced gas. Also, you must ask for a receipt as Rhino Mart employees will only print a receipt when asked. Anyway, I was okay with paying cash and made Rhino Mart my usual morning stop before beginning my day. On one occasion I was a bit low on cash and purchased only ten-dollars worth of gas. After pumping the gas I noticed that my gas gage only slightly moved... "things that make you go humm." Today I started out with 1/2 tank and again, pumped only ten-dollars worth of gas at Rhino Mart. I then proceeded to my usual staging area at South Point Casino just a few blocks away. I wasn't feeling very well, so I complete only one ride before returning home. Here's the route I took: I picked up my passenger near Silverado Ranch Blvd and Las Vegas Blvd, just one-block from South Point. My passenger's destination was the Fashion Show Mall on Las Vegas Blvd. After dropping off my passenger, I drove directly home near Silverado Ranch Blvd and Serene. When I glanced at my gas gage, I was taken aback to see that my gage needle returned to 1/2 tank. According to my Tripadvisor app, the entire route took approximate 14 minutes and consisted of only 8 miles. This is easily verifiable via MapQuest for those looking for verification. That being said, something is terribly wrong at Rhino Mart. Is it possible that I did not receive my full ten-dollar's worth of gas? (LOL). Again, "things that make you go humm..." I'm sure its no surprize to Yelp readers that Rhino Mart has lost me as a steady and once daily customer. On the upside, Lefty's Pizza is located right next to Rhino Mart - GREAT PIZZA!
Hi Everyone,With high hopes of finding a better Chinese delivery restaurant than China-A-Go-Go and China AAA, we tried China Joe's on Eastern for the first time on 3/9/17. We had every intention of posting a positive review for our first delivery, but never got the chance as we placed our second order on 3/21/17. Our first experience on 3/9 was pretty good with the exception of the 45 minute delivery wait time. We ordered 2 individual dinner boxes at $8.25 each, which includes 1-choice of rice or lo mein noodles,  1-side  dish and 1-choice of entree. My husband ordered the Orange Chicken while I ordered Kung Po Shrimp, which cost $1.00 extra [for shrimp]. China Joe's did not disappoint and made a great first-impression with [their] tasty egg rolls and lo mein noodles. We ordered again on 3/21/2017 - this time around I ordered Kung Po Chicken and my husband ordered Teriyaki Chicken. We both ordered the lo mein and added 1 full order of egg rolls to include extra dipping and soy sauce, with an emphasis on "dont forget to bring chopsticks".Unfortunately, our entire meal was a BIG disappointment. The egg rolls were ice cold and "blah" tasting - blah, blah, blah... AND the chicken on both entrees was so tough that we had to chew, chew, and keep chewing just to get thru our meals lol. We only ate enough to satisfy "our hunger pangs", then threw the rest away in the garbage can -  which meant, NO Chinese leftovers for breakfast or lunch the following day - a total bummer :(. Also, my driver forgot to bring our chopsticks, IS a big part of the dining experience in my opinion. We did not bother to call and complain. To be frank, I am growing very tired of the lack of consistency and subpar food when it comes to delivery and takeout dining. We've decided to simply move past this bad experience and continue our quest to find a suitable Chinese restaurant that delivers quality food in our area.Since our first dining experience with China Joe's was favorable, we gave them 2 stars. As for our 2nd visit, we reluctantly give China Joe's 1 star as the Yelp site does not offer patrons the ability to rate a company at zero stars or below.   [Post script] -  I just learned that China Joe's uses third-party delivery companies such as GrubHub to deliver its food orders. Since I live only a few blocks away, it now makes sense why both deliveries took over 45-minutes for delivery.
took a long time, didn't have music, didn't fit in as a coffee shop, coffee was way too hot, lid wasn't on correctly was burnt because it spilled when she handed it to me
Found this place when we just weren't in the mood for a bar breakfast. Great vibe and the employees make you feel welcomed.  PROTEIN LOVERS SCRAMBLE WAS AWESOME. Get fresh juice, a little pricey but well worth it.  Breakfast burrito was good, but a bit lacking in the fillings; ill try the breakfast wrap next time.
The experience and expertise Larym provides is great, but it's the connection that makes them truly partners in your organization. I run an organization that has a very fixed budget for web expenses. Larym has never pushed the envelope, and has always suggested what could be done, for an added cost, without making it a requirement.When my site was hacked due to a shared server, they worked throughout the weekend to get it back online. It's important to recognize that I'm a control freak and never gave them full control - this breach was my fault not theirs'.They care, Myra and Eric have expertise and try to understand your Mission and business to create a tailored solution that works.
Omelette House is one of those places that probably inspired the likes of Hash Houses, Pancake House & many others.Staff is likable and energetic- the guy on the wall was actually there!Coffee was great and they brought our Pumpkin Spice Bread while we waited.Food was delicious and visually AWESOME- corned beef was the best ever.I love avocado and guac- and they must have put a lb in my omelette.The place has been there for 19 years, and I know why.Henderson isn't the place most would drive to JUST for breakfast- but I'll be back this weekend...
Meh, I've experienced better.Basically, the service is not good.  Nothing like a Mercedes dealership usually treats their customers when their car needs serviced.  I have been to Fletcher off Sahara, as well as the Mercedes dealer in Carlsbad, CA.  My service experiences at either of these establishments was much better.This is the 2nd time I've gone there since the move from the Sunset service-only location.  I needed an oil change and some minor repairs. Car was there for a week.  They claimed I had an oil leak, I explained it was probably from a previous accident I had been in- the engine had never been cleaned after my oil pan was ripped off the car.  They kept the car to monitor, all in all, I called them 5 days later to get the car back and hear they couldn't find a leak. Also claimed that my oil pan gasket was not a "factory seal." Even though it was replaced in 2006 by Fletcher's Sahara location!  This was more frustrating to hear than anything else. They gave me a brand new C class loaner :), which boosted them to an A-Ok rating here on Yelp.I actually joined Yelp to leave this review.  I have been battling with using this dealer out of convenience, or finding a private mechanic or going back to Fletcher on Sahara.The icing on the cake was my freshly gouged rim, that had apparently been smacked on a curb AFTER the car wash that's included with service.  The rim was clean, and had fresh yellow paint and a chunk missing.My car is 8 years old and has damage to the rims already, but it's still disheartening to get it back only to find someone else has taken a chunk out of one of my wheels :(All in all, not happy with this dealer.  Fool me once, shame on them, twice shame on me...Pros:  loaner for a week, actually took care of some of the repairs for free (sort of).  Experience of dropping off and picking up was convenient and quick.Cons:  took a week to do an oil change, lack of communication, charged me an hour of diagnostic, only to find nothing (hence the "free" repairs I believe- I didn't question anything, I got out of there for $200- that's cheap for any Mercedes dealer having your car for a week.)I'm sure they are more courteous to someone buying a new car- and I shouldn't complain, I had a beautiful loaner...but definitely not a mechanic I'll be taking my car to again...
I love Hash House A Go Go - but prefer the non-casino variants.  The one in San Diego is amazing as is the one off Sahara in Las Vegas.  I have gone to most of them, and do like the food.  There's something about a free standing Hash House Building, however, that really themes the experience.
Burger Bar is always a treat.  Long Lines, and a small bar can be frustrating, but ALWAYS worth the wait.  All their ingredients are top quality, including meats.  What's surprising is how Amaze-balls their Veggie burgers are.  I'm not a Vegetarian, but this is my go-to there.
Just came to this salon and it was the absolute WORST experience ever. The woman that did my nails did not even let me look at the colour in the bottle, then when it was painted I immediately did not like it. She did not even give me a chance to pick a colour I liked. It was ridiculous! Then my nails were filed in such irregular shapes it's actually disgusting. To further my horrible experience when I asked if I could put another coat because the colour was just horrible (basically it was clear) she said no......UM excuse me???? What do you mean no??? All in all, horrible experience I will not be going again, the salon was outdated as well. I've been to my fair share of salons in Mississauga and this one does not even deserve 1 star.
Excellent fresh spinach omelet with buttery hashbrowns and sourdough toast for me, and my husband had Andre's Chili Caliente Skillet with chicken, home fries and homemade green Chile. Both were delicious!!! Great service and cute atmosphere.  Would definitely eat here again.
Fantastic pizza, painful wait. We sat in the house next door and had wine, but after 2 hrs it got old. The smell of the restaurant is amazing. Personal sized pizzas, and the salad looked good. The person sitting at the bar next to me ordered a second salad! Odd, but it must have been tasty.
Excellent jazz. Food is good; had truite amandine flavourful. Great spot.  Service a little slow but waitress is knowlegable with good recommendations. Crme Brle was a little lumpy, not bad though.
Was originally directed to a poor table next to the cash, asked for window, then was asked to move from it.  Ordered a vegetarian sandwich; sliced tomatoes and spinach, chunky-melty white stuff.
These guys are really fast and affordable if you don't have time or just don't want to deal with the DMV.
This place is the real thing!!!! it has only been a week but I can't wait to go back. I AM WORTH THIS!!! They did a follow up phone call to see how i was doing and if there were any questions I had. If the other company's out there would take their customer service and use them as an example of what customer service is then we would have a great economy....From the moment I met them they made me feel important. There was no pressure to do this. I am looking forward to going back for my after shots. This procedure might be a little expensive but YOU ARE WORTH IT!!!
We have gone to citizen's about a dozen times and they never disappoint. Great service and exceptional food. The drinks are aways creative and excellent. We always have to get the original chopped salad. The tender belly pastrami is amazing. This time we had the trout which was good but probably not great. However it the first time I could say that about any of the food. The rubbed spare ribs are incredible.
Searsucker is good and I'm confident will get better. We went there one week after opening in Scottsdale. It took a server way too long to actually greet us and take our order. However, they were very friendly and accomodating. The menu is so large is why I'm guessing all the food wasn't great.The shrimp appetizer was just ok but the calimari was exceptional. For dinner we had the swordfish which was very good. I look forward to trying this place again and I'm sure it will be improved.
Very easy going sales staff that listens to the customer's desires.  Was looking at a used vehicle on their lot and Tim offered to search from my ideal vehicle at a price that was good for both of us.  Ultimately bought the vehicle Symdon had on their lot at a fair price with a fair trade-in for my used vehicle.  I also go to experience Symdon service and all went well there too.  My vehicle was treated with new tires and a detail that completely met my approval.  So far so good and no reason to believe that will change in the future.  Great dealership all around!
We always thought the Farm Grill was great, but were very disappointed this trip! Whom ever sold them on the idea of the drinks offered at the fountain, really did them a disservice! The need to go back to offering adult selections like Coke or Dr Pepper again instead of the crappy flavors like "Tractor Cola". It tasted awful, so both my wife and I tried a couple of others. They were all terrible. I settled for water, and my wife drank the root beer, which was tolerable! We liked the do over in tables and atmosphere, but did the burgers shrink, or was our disappointment in the drinks just putting us in a crappy mood!
This place was wonderful compared to the Ventian hotel pasta. The prices were cheap, and big portion of food. The bread was so yummy as well! I will come here again!
Really need to update the times this place stays opened!!...2am on Friday & Saturday... Try only til 11pm...Fail!!!
I decided to have my oil changed and get an inspection at this place. What a mistake! When my truck was first pulled into the bay, it sat there forever while the tech talked to some girl. He came over and explained that my engine was hot and he had to let it cool down.What does he expect, I did'nt push it there! When he was finally done and I got the bill, it was over $72.00 dollars! I asked why and he said my truck required 6 quarts of oil instead of the standard 5 quarts. I told him it had always taken 5 quarts before. No explanation was given. I asked had he done the inspection and he said yes and handed me the printout showing I had passed. I told him I never saw him do an inspection as you can see through the glass in the dirty waiting room. He told me I passed and walked off. He never checked my horn, lights, brake lights. He did do the emissions test. I will never return to this place and do not recommend it to anyone!
Awesome food.  Best mac and cheese and black bean burger ive had!  Great prices and great service.
Food was tasty but...  17$ for a burger, fries, and a pop is ridiculous. Service was very slow, and the counter staff were overwhelmed and grumpy. I'm still hungry. I'm not coming back.
Have no complaints at all. Not one.We had a friends-and-family gathering there to celebrate our wedding a few months earlier for those who couldn't make it to the actual wedding. We had the downstairs rented out for lunch time and the layout was very nice. The food was excellent. The service was great. Everyone at the party (about 60 people) commented favorably on the food, service, and location. I would definitely use them again for any event.
Mini bf steak, fresh man, and mushroom ball were my favorite. Also good price of al la cart. Friendly staffs and nice food.
Jason's responses, service and best of all his results are quick and effective!   I was in so much pain and he came to my house the same day I contacted him.  My neck was so bad, I already was at the urgent care and ER the day before.  He did some things I have had done in the past, in addition to dry needling and these neuro sticker things I had never had.  He seems to stay on top of the latest advances and integrates treatments for the optimal results.  The quick and kind responses and follow ups are a bonus bonus plus, Effective AND Personable!  Thank you Jason for Helping Me!
We stopped for the lunch buffet to try out some Indian food. The buffet was not huge, but it was tasty and was kept fresh with food. The restaurant itself is nothing special, not a lot of ambiance, but it was clean and our server was friendly. For us it was a good introduction to Indian food with a nice sampling of dishes at a good price.
Dear gawd why didnt I look at yelp first?!  Price said $37 when I booked it online.  When I got there it was $100!  I want to give an extra big (sarcastic) thank you to Mandy from this location!  Basically the worst customer service I have ever received!   She basically told me she hoped I would get into an accident in the rental car.  She is a word I dont ever put in writing!
White cheddar queso with bbq chicken, need I say more?!
LOVE LOVE LOVE of my life!  Well, second only to my immediate family.  I couldn't just choose one!  I had a red velvet cupcake, and please keep in mind I am a cupcake snob!  I don't do "homemade".  It was out of this world with cream cheese filling, soooooo sooooo good.  I also got a cheese pastry so good, I googled to see if there was a miracle shop like this near me, sadly there is not.  Trust that this is a must stop!
Great staff when we arrived they received us with a smile very friendly I would recommend this even though it's a bit far from the strip but totally worth it a full kitchen with dishes washer and dryer and a bathtub everything is really clean and there's a casIno right next door and the staff at the silverton are also very friendly I have enjoyed my stay so far... Berkeley is the place to stay
This was my first time at Beerhaus and Marlo made my experience the best ever. She recommended an IPA and I loved it! I will definitely be coming back!
Wow! Thank you Tramonto for bringing in another REAL restaurant! (Don't need anymore chains!). Echo is great! Fine Sushi dining and great prices! Tyler and Caytlin were great servers with knowledgeable recommendations! Had baked mussels and the Carefree sushi special (with purple rice!). What a great meal and experience! Happy Tramonto residents!!!!!!
Everything here is amazing. The selection of beers, whiskey, cheeses, nuts, jam, everything is great!!
The dental care I receive is out standing. The staff is the best.  They take there time to explain each step they will do.
Amazing authentic Yucatan food. Not your traditional "Tex-Mex" Americanized cuisine.
As an RN, I am very particular when it comes to medical or dental care.  I took my son in to have his decayed molar extracted.  I had several consultations with other oral surgeons and was dreading the thought of paying for an implant and crown.  So when Dr. Gass recommended that we transplant his wisdom tooth to use instead of an implant, I was dumbfounded.  That was eight months ago and I did not want to write a review until I knew it would work.  It looks like the original tooth.  No other surgeon that I consulted with recommended this. Rachel at the front desk was very kind, soft-spoken and humble.  Dr. Gass seemed truly interested in what was best for my son.  Best decision I ever made was seeing Dr. Gass.
Food is good but the customer service is horrible they have never deliver the right order in the four times that I've attempted to try this place
cheap yes but you get what you pay for. horrible management. save your self the trouble do not live here.
I have a number of friends who have been going here for awhile. I don't know why I wasted my time going elsewhere. I finally visited today for the first time and Martin was awesome. Welcomed immediately when I entered and even offered a beer. I would have taken them up on it but I was on my lunch break. I didn't have an appt. so I had a little wait but not a problem, cool atmosphere inside the shop with a couple movies on the TVs and plenty of magazines to check out while passing the time.Martin was great and I think it's probably the best haircut I've had. I look forward to coming back again and again. I'm done messing with any other place. They have a cool spot and treat their customers right.
This used to be called Star Burger but that's all that changed. Still great food, service and prices. Usually stop in to eat here when I am visiting Kinsley Ornamental Iron. My favorite burger I have been getting is the Red, White and Bleu. The Egg Burger is another great one. Their crinkle-cut fries are awesome, especially with their fry sauce.
Visited Border Grill for a breakfast event and was treated to some delicious food to start the day. From I recall I tried Peruvian Shrimp and Grits, Bread Pudding French Toast, and my favorite was the Bacon Jalapeo PBJ, Nice location inside Mandalay Bay and look forward to coming back again for their Sunday Brunch.
A friend told me about Sin City Sushi after they opened this location. This past Friday we decided to go for All-You-Can-Eat lunch. I had been craving sushi for a while so I was ready and was not disappointed. Located in the shopping center (Eastern/Serene)  the exterior is nothing fancy but upon entering the interior was simple, clean and with other Asian restaurants, specifically Japanese/Sushi, you are greeted right away. The staff were all great and made us feel very welcome. We ended up going after 12PM which turned out to be great timing. It wasn't that busy so we easily got seated up at the sushi bar. The main chef was very nice and quick with preparing various rolls. One of my favorite rolls that I find just about everywhere is the Dragon Roll. It was as delicious as ever. Upon recommendation from the chef I had their Stacie Roll and loved it. My friend had their Moon Roll and Vampire Roll so I sampled both and added to my list for next time. After doing some of the larger rolls I need to get my nigiri fix with some Salmon, Hamachi and upon the chef's recommendation tried their Albacore which was prepared spicy. Loved it all and although I was stuff I couldn't leave without some strawberry mochi. This will be one I definitely visit again, hopefully sooner than later. Next time I plan on doing All-You-Can-Eat dinner with some tasty beer to wash down some rolls.
I'm a fan. Visited this past weekend for a late dinner. It was not busy. Immediately greeted upon walking in and got seated right away. The seating in the booths is a bit narrow. I liked the decor and ambiance inside. Our server visited us within a timely manner to greet us, offer chips & salsa, answer any questions and offer to take our drink order. We ordered a blood orange margarita and a cadillac margarita. Both were good. We ended up ordering the stuffed jalapenos as an appetizer - they were great! For our entree we ordered the braised carnitas and enchilidas poblanos, happy with both!Ordered the Tequila Lime Cheesecake which was delicious. Overall we enjoyed our dinner here. The service and food were great and we plan to visit again.
If you are coming out to the Speedway to visit Exotics Racing then Race Day Cafe is a great place to stop for breakfast or lunch. They have a great menu including burgers, sandwiches, salads and wraps. Friendly staff, great prices and fast service. They have a few tvs also playing various sports.
Went here for dinner recently and was pleasantly surprised. I had heard about it but didn't know what to expect. Cool decor inside and friendly service. Amazing selection of beers. Prices are great and I totally underestimated my appetite. I ordered 4 tacos and was getting full after 2. They pile on the meat and everything was delicious. Great little patio area to sit and enjoy. Definitely will be coming back again soon!
I'm a fan. I normally have been taking my 2 dogs to another nearby vet, however it's been challenging with their hours of availability. I recently needed to bring 1 of my dogs in to get his eye checked out, he had something irritating it. This was a Friday evening around 6:30pm and was happy to learn Seven Hills Pet Hospital was open until 10pm! I was able to make an appt to bring my dog in at 7pm. Did not take log getting checked in, friendly staff and made sure I knew what was happening, each step of the way. After some short tests, they explained the issue and offered their recommendation for treatment, giving me a chance to review costs. Got the ointments to treat my dog's eye issue, paid and was out the door on my way home within the hour. I was happy with my first visit and will most likely continue to visit this vet as they are close to home, offer late hours during the week and I felt comfortable.
I normally take my truck here to have the oil changed. Always greeted upon arrival and pretty quick service. They always have coupons you get via email or can find online which save you a few bucks. On my last visit I simply asked not to be upsold on anything and it worked.
Wanted to go to Burger Bar but too long of a wait so went to Hussongs for lunch and had a completely different experience than my first visit. Service was POOR. It wasn't much busier than my first visit. The server mentioned their computers were having problems. During the time we were there I saw what looked like the manager helping take orders and another gentleman who was wearing street clothes start bringing guests chips/salsa. I was bummed. Took awhile to get our check and then wait longer for someone to run the card. After we left and were just a few feet away from the restaurant a gentleman asked us if we had just ate at Hussongs and how it was. We answered "it was OK but the service was slow". I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars. I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
I visited Fogo de Cho this week for lunch and it was great. Salad Bar: You can easily fill up on the salad bar. Great selection and everything looked fresh.Meats: The usual meats offered at other Brazilian steakhouses and everything I had was delicious. I often had to turn my card over so I could work on finishing what was starting to pile up. Service: Service was great, plenty of attention with drink refills, offering meats, etc. There was a pretty decent lunch crowd but each time I turned my card over instantly someone was by my table ready to offer more meat.
Happy they opened a location in Summerlin! Friendly staff and delicious food. Love the Truffle Egg Sandwich and Cinnamon Biscuits. Will definitely be having breakfast more often.
Pussykat Tattoo Parlor is one of the best tattoo shops in Las Vegas. I have been getting tattooed by Dirk Vermin for over 10 yrs now. It's a clean shop specializing in custom work. No piercing or drug paraphernalia, just good ol' fashioned TATTOOS! People always ask me where I get my work done and it's not surprising when they recognize the shop name or Dirk Vermin's name. The work speaks for itself. As previously noted if you plan on getting an appt with Dirk be prepared to wait but it's worth it. If you don't care about getting a great custom tattoo then you can find other shops that will gladly take your money and do poor work. I've always recommended people to check Pussykat Tattoo Parlor out. I have many friends and some coworkers that have had the pleasure of getting tattoo work from Dirk or one of the other talented artists at the shop.
Been visiting Atomic for a few years now. Always a favorite spot to start or finish the night downtown. The patio areas are nice to enjoy when the weather is right.
Made reservations for this past weekend. Upon arriving, no one was at the host stand. After waiting a few minutes, a server came to the host stand to get us seated. Turns out this was going to also be our server. This was my second time here. First was good, did not recall any issues. Unfortunately this visit was not so great. Service was not good and it was not that busy. The bar area looked fairly busy but it was just as happy hour was ending. The dining room area was not busy. After being seated and getting some water to start, we waited for the server to come back to get our drink order. By the time drinks came back, we were ready to order. After placing our order (main plus a side). the server came back to inform us they were out of mashed potatoes. Really? Um, ok. So I picked another side. Once we did get our food, the steaks were luke warm. Being hungry and not having a server check on us or both trying to flag down someone else, we just took what we got.Unlike other restaurants where the server stops by to check on things, we didn't see much of our server after that. I remember one visit to check after we had our food and take a second drink order. Once finished and plates were cleared we wanted to get the check, but where was the server? No where to be seen. Then he shows up to ask about dessert and leave a menu, which we declined and just asked for the check. Soon as we got the check, I put my CC in hoping to have it taken back promptly, but no, the server disappeared again. After the check with my CC was sitting for a bit, someone else offered to take it for us. That other server than came back by to let us know our server was taking care of it. In the end, I was disappointed since I know this is a popular place, they have a great drink menu and on my previous visit loved the food. However this recent visit was not worth a higher rating. I most likely won't be coming back anytime soon. There are too many other great restaurants in Las Vegas.
This weekend I wanted to try someplace different for a haircut. I have been hearing friends visiting Nevada Barber College to get a haircut and someone I know is going to school there; Rob Scumbag. Rob was great, he made sure to understand how I wanted my hair cut and took his time to do a great job. The atmosphere was fun and easy going. I enjoyed visiting Nevada Barber College to see Rob for a haircut and plan on going back to him for haircuts from now on. He's doing great there, as all of the other students are. You can tell they take pride in learning and putting in the time and hard work. If I was going to get into this profession, it's a great opportunity to have the Nevada Barber College available. Keep up the great work and look forward to celebrating Rob's graduation when the time comes.
Stopped in here on the way home from work to pick up some pizza for dinner. When you walk in you instantly smell the delicious hot pizzas coming out of the ovens. Ordered 2 different pizzas and didn't wait too long. I was too hungry at the time of ordering to look over the menu for long but I'm not a big fan of thin crust normally however it was still good nonetheless. I'll have to brush up on the menu and I am sure I will be picking up pizza from here again in the future.
One of the best "locals" hotel/casinos. Great location with one of the best buffets around. Easy parking access and always very clean inside and out. Been here for breakfast, lunch, dinner and outdoor concerts.
Originally I discovered the The Cracked Egg on Rainbow years ago. I am glad they have a second location close to where I am living. I think one of their highlights is their Homemade Coffee Cake. I used to ask which flavor they currently had available but soon stopped after I had a few different ones and they were ALL delicious. This morning I was treated to Blueberry! I've had Apple, Peach and Cherry as well. When I crave going out for breakfast which is usually on the weekends, The Cracked Egg is on the top of my list. My favorite is their "Californian" omelet which has sliced bacon, sliced avocados and jack cheese with seasoned potatoes on the side. Based on my visits to both locations their service and food are great. They seem to always have plenty of people around taking care of guests so even if your server is busy you can always find someone to get you a refill or extra condiments, etc. I think their prices are fair and portion sized from my experience and what friends/family have ordered is good.  If you beat the breakfast rush you should get seated within a timely manner. I went around 10AM and was able to get a seat at the counter right away and they appeared to have a few tables open. When I was paying my bill to leave they were slammed with people crowding the entrance waiting for tables. Always leave full and enjoy going to The Cracked Egg for a weekend breakfast. Also a side note, on some occasions I had phoned in my breakfast order with their Rainbow location and within a timely manner went to pay/pickup and enjoy at home.
As long as I have lived in Las Vegas I had never dined at Hofbrauhaus. Very glad to say I have finally done so and look forward to going back again! Have plenty of friends who rave about it and it lived up to my expectations. Service was great, staff were friendly and helpful. Food was great. I along with a few friends ordered #365. They always order that and after checking the menu I decided to give it a try. Loved it. This is not for a quiet dinner. If that is what you were looking for then you chose wrong and it's not their fault. That's like saying you go to Oktoberfest to read books and relax. No, you go to have fun and drink. That is what Hofbrauhaus provides. A fun place for drinking and good German food. Very simple formula and since it's been here for quite a few years now, they must be doing it right. Look forward to going back again soon!
I contacted Down Under Plumbing last night regarding a leak from my water softener. Rob was able to come first thing this morning. After checking the problem he quickly went to work and repaired the issue. very happy using Down Under Plumbing and I will continue to use them for all of my plumbing needs.
There are many tattoo shops in Las Vegas, however this is on my list of top shops. I recently visited Josh Petty. He took the time prior to talk about what I wanted and placement. He offered suggestions to place it in an optimal position. Josh Petty is very easy to talk with and answered any questions. Very approachable which not all artists are this way. Josh Petty is well known for his black & grey work, along with his extensive portfolio of custom work. When I arrived for my appt he had everything set to go. After confirming the placement and getting my approval we started. Along the way we paused for short breaks and I was completely happy with the progress. After we finished I was 100% satisfied. I knew when I saw his work on some friends that I was going to be happy so I wasn't worried but I was sincerely amazed at how well my tattoo looked. I've been getting tattooed for about 16 yrs now so I'm not new to this. I look forward to going back to see him again for future work.As for the shop, Massive is a nice, clean shop. The artists there are friendly and all have a variety of great work. I would recommend the shop and visiting Josh especially for anyone interested in excellent black & grey or portrait work.
I've been here for lunch a couple times in the past with clients and most recently for Sunday football. Service is usually pretty good, especially when you have a few people with you regularly ordering drinks and apps. One of my favorites to get is their Mozzarella String Cheese Sandwich. Just what it sounds like...mozzarella string cheese melted between 2 pieces of bread. It's great and helps soak up some beer during the game.
Drive through is not normally very busy on weekdays and the staff are always friendly. Great service and enjoy making it part of my morning commute.
I've shopped at quite a few different Lucky Brand locations as well as online. I like shopping at this location the best. First, it's easy to get to from the free parking garage or lot nearby. The store is very welcoming once you walk in and always looks cool inside. The staff are knowledgeable about the product and are helpful with getting you the right size. They always have great sales going on which they will tell you about once you walk in. I've worn Levi's for many years, and I am a growing fan of Lucky Brand jeans, starting to add more to my closet. Some prices might be a little more than you are used to, but fit and quality is what is important.On a recent visit, I realized I bought 2 different styles of an item and needed to go back to make an exchange. I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The sales associate helped me right away to find the right size and made the exchange effortless.Overall, one of the best Lucky Brand stores I've shopped always looks great, well stocked and helpful staff make shopping here easy.
Look for another doctor. Don't wast your time. If I could rate 0 stars I would.Dr. Alamo is rude and arrogant. He doesn't make much eye contact and seemed disinterested in discussing symptoms past related medical history. Was very quick to make recommendations for costly tests. I spent more time sitting in the waiting room and with an asst then I did with him. I can see he is a busy doctor but if health is so important to him then giving a little better care to patients is not asking too much. I enjoyed receiving a letter of severance in the mail today 10/19/2012 that was dated 10/03/2012 noting he will no longer be my doctor. This stems from my calls to his office trying to get test results, a request for his recommendations in writing for me to review and noting to his staff how poorly he treats patients and that I would be looking for another physician. I did not get the requested list of his recommended tests.
I was craving AYCE sushi so I went here with a friend that had already been once last week. It is very new and they were still finalizing some of the outdoor heating on the patio. The location is great and I especially liked the roll-up door that provides a sushi bar for the patio. I think the servers are new to working in a sushi restaurant but they were friendly and provided good customer service. If you have been to a sushi restaurant and know what you like or want you shouldn't have any problems. They have a very nice decor inside with a large wine room behind glass, along with additional seating further back in the restaurant. We sat up at the sushi bar enjoying a nice afternoon view. They had similar variety of rolls and appetizers you can find at many of the sushi restaurants, along with a few I had not heard of or had before. The sushi chefs working at the time of my visit were very friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. We were given a complimentary Hamachi salad to try. I found a new favorite roll which was the Yoshi Dynamite. With our mochi dessert our server included a half sample of red bean to try. We left totally full and very satisfied. Their AYCE lunch was $19.95 and I thought was a great deal, considering how much I ate. Overall I enjoyed eating here and thought the food was great. I will look forward to visiting again.
Stopped in for breakfast one morning. Good food for a fair price. Good service as well. It's a perfect little neighborhood place I plan to visit again.
Was over at the Double Down and wanted to get something to eat while waiting for a band to go on. My friend recommended we check out Cottage Cafe. Although we arrived as they were closing up for the night, the owner was extremely kind and offered to let us order something. It was like super VIP, we had the place to ourselves, and were treated like regular guests, not rushed. We ordered some spicy beef and lamb with veggies to split. And had to get some Ethiopian beer to wash it down. I had no idea what to expect and was thoroughly satisfied when the food came out. My first time eating here and I will plan on coming back again. The taste and portion you get for the price is great, you can't beat it.I'm curious to try breakfast next time. I'm a fan and have already recommended some other friends to try it.
Big Ern's BBQ is a great place to stop in for lunch or dinner when visiting Downtown LV. Small dining area inside and patio seating outside is nice when the weather is right. You'll find your typical BBQ items and sides here. I've been here a few times now and will come back again.
Always enjoy Baja Fresh. Good menu and the food is freshly prepared. I usually always get the Baja Steak Burrito but the tacos, salads and rest of the menu are equally good.The salsa bar is great, they have a nice choice of freshly prepared salsa for topping off your meal. I like that you get a small side of chips to go with your burrito. Would much rather go to Baja Fresh than a fast food burger joint.
Book your tickets in advance. Great seats all around. This is one of my favorite shows on the Strip. The seats are comfortable too! I'm a local, I've seen many shows on the Strip and this is one of the best. People compare this to O but I don't. Everyone is a critic but the show opened in May 2005 so they must be doing something right. They also offer a Backstage Tour which I recommend doing after you see the show. You will be amazed at what goes on behind the scenes and how much hard work and dedication goes into putting this show on.
Been to this MTO Cafe a few times now. Enjoy coming in for breakfast and taking advantage of the "bottomless mimosas". Great service, friendly and the food is awesome. Highly recommend checking it out!
I did some online searching but settled on ABC Discount Upholstery after checking out their gallery of work. I didn't bother going anywhere else and glad. I visited ABC Discount Upholstery to get a custom motorcycle seat pan upholstered and they exceeded my expectations. I met with Jose who took time out discuss what I needed done and showed me sample materials. I left the custom seat pan with them in the morning and got a call from Jose later the same afternoon telling me it was done. I was not expecting it to be done at least for a few days. I was very impressed with how it turned out. It looked great and can't wait to put it to use. I will be recommending ABC Discount Upholstery to all my friends.
Was introduced to Buldogis via their food truck at a recent foodie fest. After learning they had a physical location as well, I recently stopped by to check it out since they had even more to offer. Nice location, near Chicago Brewing Company. They have a great selection of unique hot dogs, burgers and sides. Service and food were great. I had the Angry Dog. I'm sure I will stop in again another time and try something new.
There are many options for sushi throughout the Las Vegas area. Many good ones but this has taken a top spot on my list. I have some friends who have been here and I don't know why I never visited sooner. One night after work I was in the mood for AYCE sushi and decided to try Inaka Sushi. Pretty standard looking inside, quick welcome and glad to take an open seat at the bar. There were 2 chefs, one older and one younger. I sat with the younger chef and he was friendly and turned out to be awesome. As with most other places, you find some of the same rolls so I started off with a couple of my usual suspects mixed in with some nigiri. This is when the chef asked about what I type of fish I liked, spicy preference, etc. I was more than happy to try his suggestions. WOW. He was great, making some rolls I may not have thought to try or overlooked. I loved every one he made. I went back again since for a 2nd visit, sat with the same chef and he remembered me. The older chef remembered me as well just from some casual conversation during my first visit. Pretty much the same if not better visit. Had one of my favorite rolls and one I recall that he made for me last time. This visit he ended up making something custom based on my likes and man it was good. This has become my favorite place and I will be going back again soon.
This little deli/ grocery store is a total hidden gem. Izzy the owner will take great care of you and makes the best sandwiches ever!
Hit this place up!! Every dish we have had has been delicious and unique. The serving time per dish was 100 percent, everything came out in a perfectly one manner. The sake we ordered was promptly brought out before first dish which in my opinion is good. Waiters were friendly and knowledgeable. Decor is number in my book!
I ordered a Dolins vermouth on the rocks, my first drink entering the bar with a orange peel, the bartender filled my glass to the brim with ice and gave me a 1 ounce pour. You have got to be kidding me, this bottle most likely cost $9 which is not the point, just stating it.  This was not an expensive whiskey or tequila on the rocks, it's more like a glass of wine. Leaving after this
I got a ticket asking me to come back after 6 hours. I came back one hour earlier but still waited 3 hours to sit. The total wait is 9 hours to get a table!!! This is terrible, don't come, idiot!
Melted. Butter. Best massage of my life! But I'll get to that.My appointment today was for 1pm, and I got there right as Veronika, my massage therapist, was arriving. So we were the only ones there! It's a beautiful spa, very peaceful. I filled out the new patient form while she was getting everything ready. I indicated what parts of my body needed to be focused on, and then when we were in the room we discussed it together. She was very thorough in her questioning regarding the tension I was feeling and my pressure preference. I told her I liked medium pressure, not so intense that it hurts and not so light that I'm being tickled. Let's face it, I can get tickled at home by my boyfriend for free. She really listened to me and throughout the entire massage I felt like I was getting exactly the right amount of pressure and she was focusing on all the right spots. Not to mention the massage oil she used smelled sooo lovely! The one-hour signature massage I got came with a foot exfoliation, which was very nice.After the (amazing) massage she told me things she noticed about my body that I didn't even know! It's so cool that she cares enough about what she does to pay that much attention and give that level of service. (It was also nice that she didn't talk too much during the massage, but she did ask occasionally how I was feeling and if the pressure was okay. Much appreciated!)I will definitely be a regular client of Veronika's, and hopefully I'll try some of the other services they offer at Sabai, like the facials. I'm not kidding when I say this was the best massage of my life! I'm used to going to day spas that are pretty, but don't have much to show for it in terms of results. Sabai is better than that, they are specialists and they will help you feel so much better.The spa is super easy to find, in the Candy Park Business Center on Monterey St. (Suite E). I can't wait to go back! :D
I was in Vegas at the beginning of June for a bachelorette party, and we came here on Friday night before going out. I LOVED this place!! First of all, it's gorgeous. It reminded me of a jungle, lots of dark colors. Very pretty.Our server was totally sweet. She explained the menu really well and helped me order something I would actually like since I'm not normally a sushi lover. I think the roll I got was the Neo Tokyo. And it was sooo good! Very satisfying flavor, savory and sweet at the same time. A little expensive I thought, but alas.Considering there were like 15 of us on a busy night, the service was pretty fast. We got our food and drinks in a really timely manner and I didn't feel like we were sitting around waiting that much.A downside was that I felt as though we were surrounded by creepy men, but that's so often par for the course that I can't fault Samba.  Very fun place. And really interesting bathrooms.
Horrible!! Please do not hire this company. Besides 35% she deducts $500 for advertising and cleaning fees. I wouldn't mind if she sold a lot but she donated half of the items (or kept them to herself to sell on the side). She doesn't give receipts to customers nor a list of what was sold and for how much, no accounting whatsoever. Two weekends of her selling for us we got $1024 for an entire packed house 2600 sq ft. Just for advertising our car for sale she deducts $500 from what we got. She said its a finders fee but she didn't sell the car. She said its because she got me firm offers (but the car didn't sell)!!! She won't give it back until I can prove I sold it to someone she didn't refer. That is very unethical! She also wanted to skip the first sale weekend. She got keys Monday then tells me Friday (after I call to ask how first day of sale went) that the house was too dirty and she couldn't get it ready and I should be ashamed of myself for leaving the house like that. Her whole sales pitch was do not throw anything away like her website says. I'm sure there are great estate sales companies but this is not one of them. Look at my profile, I don't complain nor have I ever written a review on here but this needs to be known so people that lose loved ones do not have to go through this treatment from companies
I love Starbucks and haven't found a place that has let me down in the years I've been going to one every single day until this store. I've now been here for the last three months and 1 out of 3 times they have messed up my order. I can definitely understand mistakes as I've worked in the food industry as well as customer service but this many times in not getting simple things right like "No Whip please" or "Dirty Chai" only to have whip cream or a regular chai tea can be frustrating especially when your morning coffee run is the perk and start of your day. What makes it worse is this seems to happen when they aren't busy and I mean no one in line!
We have been going to this store for a couple years now and we LOVE Donnie and Nick!! They have the best customer service and keeps this store clean! By far my favorite vape store in general and favorite Red Star location!
It was very quaint and authentic feeling! Coming from someone who's traveled all around Ireland it was a treat to find this so close to home! I love the selection of whiskeys as well!
I really don't understand the positive feedbacks that drove me here. I was looking for a quiet place to avoid the sand storm outside. I went to this indoors cafe expecting good coffee and a nice place.- We took a Mocha Latte and a Hot chocolate. Both were terrible, any coffee from the 7-11 next door would have been better.- Also, there pastries look like home-made (a little messy), but are just average in taste.- The prices are high for bad quality beverages.- The coffee place doesn't have its own place, it is shared with the Center Lobby, which means : you're just sitting in a place with a lot of coming and going of people not even taking anything in the coffee.- You keep seeing the center officer reprimanding people in the space for not sitting right or whatever, like in a Library.- There was a Wifi access point that said Bronze Cafe but that one was "not open to the public" ... so, you had to use the center Wireless, which doesn't work that well.Well, if you want to relax, this coffee doesn't deserve the effort. You can have a better experience by taking a coffee at the 7-11 and enjoying the free wifi and seats at the Center in front of Bronze Cafe, or simply by looking to one of the numerous better places !
Very good food with an attention to detail on the presentation. Go on a weeknight to get good service and not have to wait for a seat for 30-45mins.  Also went there for brunch, equally good and the service was better
Nice to have a classic Italian Bakery on King. The biscottis were soo good. Also try the quiche .
Went back to see the new space. Gorgeous  ! Staff was still polished and on the ball. Food was unique and delicious. Staff especially Nishan the bartender and Krista our waitress rocked !!!
Service to get the first drink was very slow. 15mins!!  But after we got our bottle of wine and food started arriving was fabulous. We enjoyed the food tremendously . I am not sure if they were short staffed but we will only return on a week night.
I have used West Coast Movers a few times now. I have to say, this company is on top of things. Moving out of state can be stressful, but with West Coast Movers they made it a breeze. With their friendly staff, helpful tips, and attention to detail when loading/unloading my entire house. They definitely made this move smooth. I would recommend them to anyone. Thank you West Coast Movers.
We showed up at this location at 9:20pm with a bunch of kids to celebrate the first week of school and the doors were locked and workers were mopping up. It's disappointing on a Saturday night for a ice cream place that says they are open until 10pm to be closed and the disappointment on the kids faces.
We have been going here for years. Dr.jones and his staff have been nothing but lovely towards us and our pup! I always recommend them to everyone. Thanks parkway.
I love this place. I have been here twice now and they have been nothing but professional and friendly. I will always make my waxing appointments with birthday suits.
I joined fsy in January from a recommendation from a friend. And it was the best decision I made. I love this place. Everyone is always so helpful, friendly from the staff to the instructor. They have made my fitness journey enjoyable and able to stick with it! Everyone should check them out.
I love ShowBoy Bakeshop. I have been going there since the first day they opened and I am so happy they are in my neighborhood. I have order several different custom cakes from them and I can't count how many cupcakes but I have never once been disappointed. They are always delicious and moist. A cake can be something personal for those special moments in life and the guys at ShowBoy understand that and always make your experience memorable. I will never go anywhere else! Plus, who doesn't love the broadway theme bakeshop!
I love this place! We have been going here every week since they have opened. They always are so friendly and the sushi never disappoints. We have kids and they always make sure they are taking care of and always give great recommendations for new items/kid friendly foods. If you live in the area come check it out and the price never disappoints either!
This company was awesome to work with. Great affordable prices, same day service and now my windshield is perfect. Thank you for making this easy for a busy person.
Second time enjoying brunch here. It was delicious. Even though they were packed to the max the server was great and super friendly. I will come back for sure to visit them again.
Came in to timbers to have dinner with friends. Our waitress Kylie seemed annoyed from the second we sat down. We placed our order and she didn't even bring out our appetizers until our food was out. She threw down our food and then dropped the check saying she needed to get out of here fast so she could finish up and go home. After 5 mins she came back to our table and said can I take your check. When we said no, she rolled her eyes. After another 10 mins she asked if we were finished because she really wanted to go home early. Then we asked for a dessert menu and she laughed and said "no we don't have one", "why does everyone ask me that",? After that she continued to tell us she was so excited to go home. Then she insulted my friends and I by calling one of them my mother when we are friends and close in age. Which was an uncalled for comment. Once she took our bill she returned with it and proceeded to tell us what you needed to tip her and that we should tip her more. When I asked for a small box, my friend giggled, just because she giggles a lot. The server then proceeded to tell us how she experimented pot and how her email address was inappropriate. She kept making references to narcotics? I love Timbers, and their food! I don't want this girl ruining others experiences when they go there. I am very disappointed in how we were treated. All of us at the table have worked or does work in the food service Industry and just shocked of how poorly the service was we received. I will not return to this location.
If you are looking for a storage unit do not store your valuables with this company. And if you have a storage unit with them I would recommend you move your belongings elsewhere. I was sold a bill of goods when I moved my belongings into one of their storage units on November 23rd. I selected them because they said they had excellent security. I felt secure knowing they had security cameras as well as what they claimed was an excellent security system to control who goes in and out. In fact, their website says, "Computerized Access Control Systems - All LifeStorage facilities have computerized access control systems to protect and limit entry to the property. Access is tracked by unique access codes."Less than two weeks later my unit, the only one out of the 500 units they have, was burglarized. I received the call at 4:55pm on a Friday. My unit was cleaned out of everything except a couple of large pieces of furniture. In discussing with management I found out that they only patrol units one time a week? As a result they have no idea when the burglary happened. Why only one time per week? With only 500 what does their staff do all day?Management has been stalling. I requested the video immediately. They claim they are not allow to show me the footage and their hands are tied. I had to go to the police department and file my report even though it was on their property.Today management still remains uncooperative. I have yet to hear from them or the owners about reimbursement or a simply apology about what has happen. No one will communicate with me after several attempts. They still are charging my credit card even when they know nothing is left in the unit and they put their lock on it. I am beyond frustrated and upset that everything I own was taken. I hope this never happens to anyone else and the word is spread what a horrible company this is.
All I have the say is this place is a hidden gem. We love coming here and the food has always been perfect and service is always great! We always recommend this place to visitors.
I had a screw in my tire and I popped over to this tire works by my house and  these guys are the best. They were friendly, helpful, and fast. They patched up my tire and I was sent on my way. I was shocked how fast it was done. Thank you for making my travel safe.
This store has some of the worst service imaginable. Just try to purchase a phone from their mobile Center, seriously just try it. All the employees act like it's an inconvenience to them for you to be there. Most of them are terribly uninformed about the products that they are trying to sell you. I suggest if you're looking to purchase something do research online before you buy it from them.
The people that work at this location are horribly uneducated. I once had a great deal of respect for Best Buy but in the past few years that respect has gone to just about nothing. It's just another Best Buy where I feel like I'm inconveniencing the employees by walking in to their store to purchase something. Maybe they feel like if you want the products you're going to buy it anyway so they don't feel like they need to go the extra mile to make you satisfied. I don't know. Going to this place is always a horrific disappointment I only do it when I absolutely have to. They wouldn't even honor their two-week exchange policy for my iPhone.
I read the reviews on this place and I was extremely apprehensive about even going in. However I did go in and I found the whole experience to be quite pleasant. My transaction was a very simple one, I found the couch I liked, paid a deposit on it and it got dropped off about a week and a half later. I met the delivery man outside and they let me have a thorough examination of the couch before they brought it up.  Because transaction was actually fairly simple I went back the next weekend and purchased the rest of the set. It was the exact same story, about a week and a half later the two pieces were dropped off without a hitch. I was able to furnish our new home for a more reasonable price than most of the other places we visited. I returned just yesterday to look into a television stand and I got very warm reception. Even though I didn't make a purchase I feel that the staff were very pleased that I returned. I would definitely recommend Biggs to my friends based on my experience.
This place is really great. I'm constantly shopping here for all of my clothes. They have all of the brands of clothes that I usually wear for half and even sometimes a quarter of the original price. The only reason why does not get four stars is because of the customer service. The people working there are incredibly snotty and act as if they're working the a very exclusive, high-end retail store. They often force their opinion on you when it's not wanted or asked for. However shopping for clothes is fairly self-explanatory so the employees are moot anyway.
I gave frys four stars because they have an amazing selection of electronics. However I would not even give their customer service one star. These people work on commission and they will lie directly to your face. Things are often incorrectly priced and on multiple occasions I have been charged more when I got to the register. Mind you I'm not talking about them being in the wrong spot. They were actually misrepresenting the prices of many of the items. If you buy something from the store,buy it knowing that you will probably not be able to return it if anything happens. They do have a exchange policy on most of their items however they almost never honor it. Don't ask for help from any of the employees. If you really need to know about a product that you are considering purchasing then just do some quick research on your phone before asking anybody. Remember these people work on commission so they will not sell you the best product for you they will sell you the product that makes them the most money. Take great warning if you are looking to purchase a camera. Don't even bother talking to the girls in that section. They are worse then car dealers. They will literally try to sweet talk you into buying a more expensive camera. The television section however has always been very informative. Remember it's up to you to decide what is best for your needs. The computer section is a complete joke. I have actually had one of the employees tell me that the price on the computer was the price of the computer last week and that the current price was nearly $300 more. They will constantly harass you about letting them scan your item so that they can give you a piece of paper with their name on it for you to bring to the register. I'm assuming they do this so that they can collect the commission. Overall I really do love the store because of their amazing selection and atmosphere however you're really going to want to do the research on your own before you try to buy anything!
Love this place. Pomegranate ice cream with mango exploding boba and fresh cut strawberries! It seriously doesn't get any better than that. Unless you count their lavender milk tea.  I crave this ice cream weekly, and there's nowhere else I'd rather go than to this sweet spot!
What an amazing time!! Came here for a date night with my husband, and can't wait to come back!! Extremely therapeutic, slightly competitive, and VERY fun! The staff was super friendly, respectful,  and knowledgeable.
Great price on an oil change but very slow.  Was told it would be in and out.  Took an hour and 15 minutes.
Best gluten free pizza dough I have had. Lots and lots of topping choices.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff - that go above and beyond to make new customers feel welcome.
They have a great selection the place has a lot of potential but don't expect to be in and out quickly especially during busy times on weekend. Service could be quicker. Also not a lot of seating don't expect to sit down to enjoy your stay. Honestly not a bad place just don't expect it to be a quick in and out during busy times.
Wish I had more opportunities to visit this place is worth visiting always a great experience. Really nice selection of loose Teas love the biscuits. Friendly environment seems they genuinely want you to enjoy your stay with no rush. I originally heard about this place through friends glad I took the time to check them out.
Small place not very big.  Parking is ok prices are reasonable.  I found the food ok nothing amazing or over the top just average place.I ordered a coke to drink but in my opinion it was diet coke???.  California rolls I ordered had to much rice on it.  I would give them another chance and this place does have potential.  Would really like to give them a better rating because they were very friendly and service was quick and good but again the food is average i feel they could be doing a better job.
Location is consistant with other Mandarin restaurants.  Great selection of food always happy with the freshness and quality.Service was good and friendly staff was greeted and seated very quickly and came around to our table often enough that our drink  were never empty for drinks.  Parking was also no problem.
I went down to Hexx with my sisters and a good friend.  It was the perfect location!  We sat outside on the patio and was able to see the fountains and do some great people watching.  The patio stayed nice and cool in the heat with the misters.  Our waitress was amazing and very attentive.  The brocollini was amazing along with everything else we got.  I ate bone marrow and was obsessed with it!!!  Anyway, I totally recommend Hexx.
Koobideh was made just right, perfectly baked fresh bread and awesome yogurt in a calm traditional Persian setting.  What else can you ask for?
We were there today for lunch as it was my birthday.  The owner was welcoming and straight forward.  My wife wanted a Greek salad and a wrap so he suggested getting the chicken wrap which came with a salad.  Mind you the salad was not a "Greek" salad but a green salad.I got the chicken souvlaki, plate of dips and pita and the Ravani dessert.  Dips were finger licking good with freshly toasted bread.  Souvlaki was decent and potatoes and rice were average.  I've had better souvlaki plates but the service was great and he gave us a baghlava on the house since it was my birthday.Overall an enjoyable experience on a nice patio in Greek Danforth.
My boyfriend and I come here very often! Great food, friendly employees and fun environment!
I love ordering from this place! My favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas! The food is always tasty and finished in a timely manner! I order from here at least once a month (if not more)!
This was our first time coming to Oyshi and we will definitely come again! The food was delivered in a timely manner and tasted delicious! My boyfriend is allergic to avocado and cucumber (unfortunately) so finding good sushi can be a bit hard for him. Our waitress, Odi, was very cooperative and made sure that whatever he ordered was completely free of his allergies! I also noticed that she was really busy, every table in the place packed, however she remained very calm and checked on us frequently to make sure we had the food we needed and that we were doing okay. Thank you Odi for making our first experience a great one! We will be returning soon!
I would give this place 5 stars if it was based solely on how tasty the food is! I come here very frequently because I seriously can't get enough of the food but some of the employees are in such a rush to get you down the line, they don't even smile or say hello. They have also messed up my salads multiple times by not checking what is written on the top of the box (usually saying no onions and they put onion on). Overall love the food, and some of the employees are nice, just needs a little more upbeat customer service.
A friend and I visited this theatre the other day and the movie we intended on seeing was no longer showing. It was cancelled because another movie was doing so well. I was surprised when they told me and my friend to come inside for free passes! The staff was extremely friendly and apologized several times for the movie being cancelled. I was very impressed with the customer service and will drive out of my way to come to this location again!
1st time there the other day and it was great! Loved the baby back ribs and the baked apples and the beans were delicious
Went here in late November and ended up buying Christmas presents for all the ladies in my family! There was stuff for young and young at heart! I loved how the store is divided by colors. The staff was ok, some more helpful than others. I will definitely be back.
I hate being not only the 1st review but also a bad one. I went to this location a couple days ago and the tech I had was extremely nice. I knew my face would be a little red from my brow was but I have 3 burns on my face. I called the location today and the young lady that answered the phone made me feel it was by fault that my face was burned. no apology or offer to have me go in and have a tech take a look at it just....oh well you should have said it was too hot...I KNOW THAT! It wasnt that hot I didnt think and I am not the tech! they should know if its too hot! As a result I will be taking my business somewhere else.
Took my daughter here to get a little pedicure as a surprise bc they have the little kids pink pedi chair here. Told them I wanted a little girls pedicure and a basic one for me. No problem told me couple mins. They proceed to put her in an office chair and try to paint her nails there. I told them no the whole reason we came was for the kid chair. They all look at me like I am crazy and ask me again if I want the kids chair and then tell me 15 more mins. I decided to not get mine done and just her.  They did them fast which is fine but no top coat and then just ran off and told me wait 10 mins. I will not be back. I will find a different place to take her and myself.
Went here tonight after a long day and got fab tacos. Had been told to LuLus for a long time but ended up here. Ordered fish tacos and was helped by a very nice younger no older than 9/10 years old. Got home and realized they need to advertise Fish Stick Tacos.My boyfriend said our kids could have made better tacos. I will be finding LuLus Tacos tomorrow! Only getting one star because I had to and the green salsa was good.
I work in the same shopping center and was excited for something new to open. It is so good!! I normally hate toasted subs but when thwy recommended it i thought ok ill try it. Good thing because it was amazing. The staff is super friendly and helpful and the place is always clean. Keep it up guys! Ive been here 4 times already!!
The customer service is ok. The tellers are either too busy talking to each other to acknowledge anyone else or are super nice. I've been here several times to get change for a local business and half the time I have to go to another bank because they don't have money or they are having "difficulties" super annoying.
Right when you walk in there are folding chairs everywhere. At first I though ok no big deal. Then I decided to get acrylics. As i was getting my nails done 2 fell off and then i noticed an ant or two. great. Well she moves me to another table to get my nails painted and ANTS EVERYWHERE! On my phone on the station on the UV Lamp. She tried to laugh it off. I get home and realize my nails are different lengths. I will not be returning anytime soon.
Amazing food! Amazing staff! 1st time here tonight and we will definitely be back. Had the lamb shank and the Cornish hen and YUMMY!!!!!! The staff was helpful and funny the food was better than I expected! We will totally be back and tell everyone to come here.
I am at this Walmart almost every weekend ordering cupcakes and misc bakery items. Jenelle is amazing. Everything always looks amazing and she has even been able to squeeze my order in when I call last min! My only complaint is there are never enough lanes open...which is typical at a walmart it seems.
Staff is ok. The food at this location is better than others. Tortilla soup is great here
This place is awesome. Friendly atmosphere.  Only gave 4 stars bc 2 times I went they were out of the beer that I was hoping for and on weekends there is no way you are getting a table without waiting 30-35 mins.
Amazing. Love the Southwest Burger. Great to see the owners in there chatting customers and helping out in the kitchen as well. Lemonade is amazing! Best I've had!
I had never even considered acupuncture, but when I saw it was helping my daughter I wanted to give it a try. I am extremely  happy I did. So relaxing and I am already seeing improvement. Ashlee has such a great heart and a caring soul.
Near my office.  I go here for lunch from time to time.  Service is quick and food is ALWAYS good.  If you are in a hurry, sit at the bar.  They seem to take REALLY good care of those at the bar.  ;-)
I guess Yelp allows multiple businesses of the same name at the same location?  If you don't like one set of reviews, you can always just delete that profile and move on to the 'good' profile?  ;-)Gordon Ramsey, this place needs you, Badly.  Food seems to be ok, IF you can get what you order.  Service is SLOOOOOOOOOW.  But the beer is cold and good.  Drink enough beer and time doesn't matter.  Right?  ;-)I'm not sure if this is a 'friends and family' place or what.  You seem to get better service depending on who you know.  And a lot of ppl seem to know each other here.  The other yelp reviews were either done by family, or bogus.Our experience started at 515 this evening.  My wife and I got off work and decided we'd do the Chicago style deep dish.  We arrived at 530 on a Friday night, and were eventually seated at 545 pm.  That is about the ONLY thing that went correctly.This place is 'manned' by a ton of 'kids', most of which are 16 and this is their first job.  There are THREE people standing at the reception.  I've never seen 3 people constantly run a reception, even if they ALL are 16.  I am not sure if more than 1-2 'adults' work here.  We ordered 2 pizzas and some chicken wings.  And THIS is where it all starts going 'downhill'.  After 30 minutes we were told that our 'ticket' was lost, and so was our order.  We were offered the 'opportunity' of coming back, but Ahwatukee doesn't have a lot of restaurants, so we decided to stay (or first mistake).They put our ticket back in, which included one deep dish pizza.  The chicken wings came out about 30 minutes later and were ok.The thin crust pizza, for our son, came out about 15 minutes later.Our deep dish pizza NEVER came out.  About 20 minutes later the manager dropped off a 'thin' crust version of what we ordered, but not how we ordered it.  She apologized for the 'mistake', but for whatever reason, would not get us a deep dish pizza (we learned why later).Our thin crust pizza really sucked.  But we were starving having sat in a restaurant for 1.5 hours.  So we ate about 25-33% of it.  The crust was burnt and the toppings overwhelmed the crust.  It just wasn't very good AND not what we ordered.Our server, via the manager, 'comped' our meal.  Which was nice, but it would have still been nice to see the manager prior to our departure.Prior to leaving we learned that they ran out of pizza dough for deep dish pizzas and THAT was the reason we did not get out pizza as ordered.  When we left, at 7:30 pm, there was a huge 'CLOSED' sign out front.  Not sure what that meant as there were still a ton of ppl drinking alcohol in the 'bar'.  The prices here are high.  For our 14" pizza was $14 plus $1.50 per topping.  If we had paid (and received what we ordered), our deep dish pizza would have been around $25.  Our thin crust pizza would have been about the same price.  And IF I had paid for it, I would have been pissed off.  FWIW, the deep dish pizzas LOOKED good.  Too bad I didn't get one.  :-(
Awesome place.  Great service.  Great food.  Not sure what else to say.  If you have not been to Fogo de Chao, you should go.  Beware of 'food coma' after eating here.    ;-)
$5 burgers on Mondays!  Just make sure you don't come here in the winter time on Monday.  It may be a long wait.  It looks like the rest homes unload ALL their old snowbirds.  ;-)Food is good.
Only been here ONE time.  Butcher cut the filets the way I wanted.  I thought price was a little high until I got home and cooked them.  But they were probably CLOSE to the best filet mignon I have ever had.
Food is GREAT.  I've had dinner here a number of times prior to league, never the same thing twice.  Price is decent and the food has ALWAYS been good.The league issues are another story.  This center has a state of the art lane machine and is able to put down any pattern possible.  I have absolutely NO complaints on the lane conditions, I just suck.  Some weeks more than others, but that is another story.There is NEVER an announcement prior to league that we are starting practice.  I dont think I have EVER been in a league where there is not some kind of announcement prior to league.  If nothing else, most centers will try to 'upsell' happy hour pitchers of beer (or whatever they want to put on special) before the start of league.In additon league doesnt start on time.  It is USUALLY 5+ minutes late.  One week we were 15 minutes later than scheduled.  I am not sure if the desk people are unable to tell time or too busy talking to each other.  There are ALWAYS 3+ ppl at the front desk.  I dont understand how it can be THAT tough.  As another poster said, the approaches are tacky.  Again, not the worst thing that can happen.  And generally speaking I don't have too many complaints about approaches.  Some weeks they are 'worse' than others.  Not exactly sure what is going on.  After all the approaches (like the lanes) are synthetic.  But the lane machines are another story.  There have been continous problems with pin setters dropping pins, not placing pins, etc.  The machines, at times, act like they are 20+ years old.  Which is kind of weird since they are NEW!  Flipside is probably one of the most 'over-staffed' places I have ever seen in my life.  There are at LEAST 25 'blue shirt' clones running around trying to take food/drink orders from people.  I think it would be a better place if they got rid of a half dozen 'blue shirts' and got a REAL mechanic for the machines.If you are a SERIOUS league bowler, this may not be the place for you.  At least not right now.  Flipside needs to get a lot of 'kinks' out of their system, assuming there is one.  I dont think management has ever run a bowling center or they would know these 'rudimentary' things.
This is about the best BBQ I have EVER had.  Yup, a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.  EVERYTHING is YUMMY.  Even the coleslaw and I DONT like cole slaw.   LOL.  Not sure why there is a BBQ place next door to Rudy's.  Make sure you dont go to the wrong BBQ place.  This one is closest to the freeway.
I have actually tried to go into this bank on a couple of occasions to take care of business.  My first experience wasn't so good, but everyone has a bad day.  So I tried AGAIN.  The MANAGER, Lydia, usually spends more time telling you how to get of hold Chase corporate and how she CAN'T help you vs. helping you.  I have a safety deposit box here, but you are much better off going to the branch located on Baseline and Signal Butte.
Food is good.  Service can be a hit or miss, depending on the day of the week you go.Saturday is half priced burger day, probably best day to go....Used to have 'all you can eat crab legs' on Friday.  I guess they discontinued that a while ago.  :-(  Those were GREAT Friday dinners.
I used Craig for a lot of work at a couple of my places.  He did me 'ok', but his prices seemed a little high.My last experience, however, was similar to others who have posted here.  He got me 2 palm trees and guaranteed them for 6 months like the local nurserys do.  And he gave me a decent price since I had to cancel an order I had just placed.  When one of them died, he told me he would get me another tree.  That was Labor Day weekend and I obviously still don't have my tree.I will never do business with him again.  Alan
I went to 5Church on October 31, 2012 at the recommendation of the bartender at Black Finn. I, and my group totaling 8 people, were excited about going. The atmosphere was eclectic,upscale, modern and vibrant. We were a large party and were seated in a separate off the main area. We were treated warmly by the person who seated us. The restaurant was not very crowded but the service was very slow. The initial wait person apologized for wait and took our initial drink order. When our assigned waitress, Alison, came she seemed a little stressed and asked if we needed more time to look over the menu. We had already been waiting quite a while and were more than ready to place our orders. We ordered cocktails from their specialty cocktail menu and they were all terrible! We tried to explain to Alison what our issue was but she seemed not to understand and wanted to charge my wife an extra shot of tequila instead of just remaking the cocktail which would have been the appropriate thing to do. Alison became argumentative with my wife which was very unprofessional. Naturally, this interaction ruined the mood for the entire evening. The drink was eventually remade to my wife's specifications but the evening was already ruined at that point. The food finally arrived and was just "okay". I had the wasabi crusted salmon which had way too much wasabi crust and a small portion of salmon. My wife had smoked, roasted chicken which she enjoyed. My guest all enjoyed their meals. Overall, our evening way ruined by Alison's bad attitude. I would still give 5Church another try the next time we visit Charlotte.
Very disappointed with this dry cleaner. Had a small hole in a set of pants by a belt buckle. Came back with hand stitches that were messy and very noticeable. Definitely not worth the expensive prices.
I have used DGI many times - for printing only, not design - and have not had a problem. Their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services - I love the new edge color they offer and for a reasonable price. My most recent order was approved for print on March 24. It shipped April 7 - 10 business days. The cards were shipped UPS Ground and arrived April 14. So from approval to the cards in my hand was exactly 3 weeks which is perfect. I was satisfied with the cards and turnaround.I would recommend DGI over many of the other places out there.
Dr. Drew is awesome!  Not only is he a fabulous dentist, he really cares about what he does.  His staff is also the best.  They make you feel comfortable and at ease.  I highly recommend Dr. Drew and his staff.
Ilan and his RAID fighting system technique were exactly what I was looking for.  Having trained in BJJ & Muay Thai I never fully got everything i wanted in fighting and actual self defence.  I thought I was capable of handling situations until I worked with Ilan and he truly show me what i needed to protect myself and those I care about.  His understanding of martial arts and real life fighting situations was unlike anything i had ever seen before.  His personal approach and focus to details really made the difference.  I wasn't just another guy in the class but a student working one on one with a true master.  This is the type of experience i recommend to anyone and everyone.  Ilan also looked at my body type, my fighting or lack of fighting experience and my natural skill set to develop a fighting technique that worked best for me...he individualizes fighting for each student, so you're never just another person being forced to do what everyone else does.  The best decision I ever made was training with Ilan and incorporating his fighting techniques.  Also on a plus side, I found myself getting into incredible shape within weeks.  Body definition and and strength came very fast.  This program is brilliant not just for fighting and protection but also getting into kickass shape.  This is the only fight class you will ever need.
Great pub style place to go and relax while sampling 500 different beers on tap or in bottles. My wife and I have always had great service and the staff have been very friendly to us.It is first come first serve with seating which I don't have a problem with. Always have found a place to sit or have shared a table with other people there which a great way to meet new people and have fun! Bottom line, great place to enjoy a large selection of beers, great appetizers and a fun cozy pub style bar!! We will be back!!!
I went into to this location yesterday with the intent on doing some paperwork that has been piling up at the office. I had about a quarter of a cup of a Jamba juice, and was going to drink that up and then get a coffee and a bite to eat. The guy working the front counter asked me when I walked in if he could get me something and I said in a few minutes. I had barely pulled my computer out of my bag and the same guy comes up to my table and asks me if I'm meeting someone there, I say no, he hands me a menu and asks if I had seen the sign outside. I said what sign? He said the one that says not drinks from other places are allowed and that the owner doesn't permit that.  I said well as soon as I finish the Jamba juice I was going to order a coffee and something to eat. He's just says sorry you have to leave. I was floored! So I say to him, you don't want me to order from here, you want me to leave? He just say's sorry again and walks away?? WTF.I've own several small businesses here in the valley and I would never drive away a customer like that. That's just a dumb thing to do, and thus, here's the yelp review to tell others about this.
We came for the sushi even though this is mostly a Korean restaurant it seemed like. The location is off the beaten path and in a little building next to Superior Pho. We started with a Philadelphia roll and yellowtail nigiri to see how fresh it was so we would know if we wanted to continue with sushi or switch to Korean. We were pleasantly surprised with the freshness of the fish and decided to trek onward with the raw. After that we ordered the pink lady roll and the yum yum roll. They were both pretty good but i kinda hoped for more raw fish instead of a mixed cooked fish in the middle of some sushi paper but that was probably ordering error. I will def be back!
Finding facelogic was super unexpected, and I was blown away not only by the customer service, but by the friendliness, ease of getting an appointment, and the products. Eminence Organic Skin Care is my favorite and they use it.  I'll be back next month.
I love Pink Cherry.  My Brazilian is perfect. The staff is drop dead gorgeous & sweet as candy. They were rated "Best in Las Vegas" in 2o15, and they live up to the name! I couldn't be happier. Whitney took care of me, making the experience fun and no-pressure. Beautiful women taking care of beautiful women. I can't wait till next time.
The closest thing to New Orleans for me!! Loved everything about the experiences and the staff!! Food was great packed with flavor
Amazing staff and great Thai food!! Very clean and friendly place! I would definitely recommend for others.
Fresh veggies and soup!! With a staff who fully connects with its customers!! This will always be my to go spot to enjoy all the flavors in pho
Love the convenience of the pharmacy by the time you are finished shopping everything is ready. Love that they have a nice wine liquor section as well as sushi and the fresh food by the deli.
Came here on a recommendation from my buddy. Waited in line for an hour for the best BBQ  I've ever had. Absolutely worth the wait. The staff is so friendly. They have waters and misters outside while you wait and they'll even bring around samples. Can't wait to come back here!!
This was my first time eating at this location. The sandwich wasn't bad, but it seemed rather thin as if the bread wasn't given time to rise to the appropriate size. My fries were SUPER salty!!!! I couldn't even eat them. The environment was low key when I walked in and it seemed fairly clean. I will probably try this location again simply because I live close, but I'm hoping that this was a one time event.
Amazing chicken wings!! Everything else is average and I would suggest staying away from the always overcooked Lo mein.
Great food.The staff is very friendly. The service was quick.The decor and atmosphere is very modern and inviting compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. I had tried their Pho Duc biet, Pho Ga, Curry Chicken, spring rolls. All were very tasty. The ingredients used were fresh. I have no complaints about this place what-so-ever. I would recommend anybody and everybody to this place. I would definitely come back whenever I'm in town.  5*'s
I was so disappointed with this hotel. I think the only thing we liked, was the outlay of the actual hotel room.  The staff is so unpleasant and rude, especially the waitresses on the floor.  We were kind of frustrated one morning because we wanted room service and they were making us go down to the front desk to put a credit card on file (we weren't dressed), and when my husband started complaining, the lady (her name is MaryJane) started speaking over my husband and then hung up on him!  How ridiculous is that.  We will never go back there again. Thanks for nothing Planet Hollywood.
We were there about 3 weeks ago.  Cody was our waiter and he was very attentive and efficient.  He communicated very well with us.  The food was excellent!
Horrible customer service, screwed up my order of 500 brochures and still tried to make me pay for the costs of shipping when the order came over a week late and almost made my company miss our event.  Chat feature on the website gets you chatting with unprofessional reps and twice I even felt a very unprofessional and creepy vibe.  Calling in to customer service over the phone is worse- average wait times (I called 4+ times total) were around 30 minutes or more.  I would NEVER recommend using this company, there are better options such as vistaprint.I have included the email that I received from Overnight's customer service after I was finally granted a full refund of the shipping costs- the rep openly made fun of me because I declined to give them my phone number after I was told BY THEM that the supervisor looking over my request would likely never call me back.  So the rep thought it would be funny to make fun of me; I wonder if she knew those emails go out to customers? Probably, she just doesn't care.  How unprofessional.
Was ? Den gibt's noch ? Da habe ich vor knapp zwanzig Jahren schon mit meinen Kumpels die Trips durch Stuttgarter Nachtleben begonnen. Und auch beendet ? Alles wie weggewischt. Egal ! War jedenfalls damals schon Kult, zusammen mit dem Tier. Jetzt halt allein. Nix wie hin
Den hauseigenen Riesenburger gibt's nicht mehr. Schuld ist das Bundesverfassungsgericht. Um seinen Gsten das Rauchen zu ermglichen, bietet der kellnernde Inhabe keine selbst zubereiteten Speisen mehr an. Man bestellt beim Lieferservice stattdessen. Fr die laue Temperatur des Burgers und der Pommes entschdigt jedoch das Eiskalte Guinness. Und dass man qualmen kann ohne vor die Tr zu mssen. Das wre auch schade, denn man sitzt ja immerhin im urigsten und originalsten English Pub weit und breit. Das Ganze unweit des Hauptbahnhofs, ideal fr ein Treffen mit alten Bekannten. Und wenn man sich mit ein paar Guinness Mut angetrunken hat, traut man sich auch wieder durch den grusligen Park zurck zum Hauptbahnhof :-)
Nice local independent hot dog shop. The guy at the counter that took our order was super friendly. The hot dogs and tots were good. A nice touch is that you select your soft drinks from a cooler and the sodas are in old time glass bottles. A great place for a casual meal in a nice atmosphere.
Our Sunday morning routine includes breakfast at the Omelet House. Great service and good food. We keep coming back.
Highly recommend the empanadas. I had some great empanadas in Buenos Aires a few years ago and have been looking for good ones in the States. These are the best I've found so far.
3.5 stars. I've frequented this location many times, mostly for takeouts when I used to live in the area. It's no secret that they have an amazing menu for hungry budget-conscious carb-lovers. Their menu is split between Japanese and Korean influences. Straight forward, prices are reasonable for what you get $10-$15 per item. On this visit, we order a chirashi don (11.95ish) and a green dragon roll on their chef's special menu (9.95).Complimentary edamame for starters, which was nice. Chirashi came on a plate with decent amount of butterfish, salmon, red tuna, octopus, and imitation crab stick. Sashimi taste quite fresh. No complaints there. Green dragon was huge, I didn't count but maybe 8-10 slices. This kept me pretty satisfied. Overall, great if you are looking for a simple, no-fuss dinner. Service was exceptionally efficient and friendly this time around.
I'll have to be honest, I don't share the same sentiment as most people I know who've been to Khao San. I just don't feel as wow-ed and I've been here 3-4 times so I definitely gave it a chance. First, there's always a long line up and the seats are too close to each other. I sat in the communal table once and it was quite uncomfortable as we were sitting elbow to elbow with other people and could not have a proper conversation. Food was good, flavour was there, definitely more authentic than most Thai spots downtown. I just don't remember it to be remarkable. I don't find myself wanting to come back, or craving certain dishes. I tried their bangkok style pad thai, pad gra prow, green curry and gra bong. All pretty solid dishes, so I think you just have to try it for yourself and see if Khao San will tickle your palate.
2.5 First off, I love noodles..especially in soup.  Unfortunately Magic Noodle needs to up its tricks. We got their Magic Beef and Triple B, both with hand pulled noodles. Food arrived pretty quick, piping hot with good amount of noodles. I have to say I enjoyed the springy texture of the noodles, but their broth is too bland for my liking. I also did not enjoy the spice they use (Allspice? Cumin?) as that's all I could taste. It's a shame because they have a nice, clean interior and service was wonderful. So maybe I will give it one more try next time and hope they improve.
I was quite excited to try this place out since I love Taiwanese street food. Having studied their menu extensively, I knew what I wanted to order from Kanpai. We came for lunch during a weekend, plenty of space available although there was only one waitress. I do have to commend her efficiency, and she was very accommodating as noted throughout our dining experience.On to the food, I have to say I was a bit disappointed. Everything was just...okay. Presentation was quite lacking and dull. Flavour department was also underwhelming.Between the two of us we shared:Can You Hear Me Now - sliced pig ears in chili oil. This was okay, I would've liked them to be cut smaller; it would've resulted in less slimy textures.Hot in Herre - pork filled wontons. I'm not sure if this was supposed to be a cold dish but I would've liked it to come out piping hot, would've been more enjoyable. I don't care for the chili oil, I find it too sweet for my liking. Das Bao - this is where I was most disappointed as the chicken schnitzel, albeit having a crunchy skin, was rock hard. It was definitely overcooked. I'm also not thrilled about the cilantro, which included long stems that were a bit off-putting. 3 pc TFC- after being dubbed one of the best fried chicken in Toronto, we had to try it out. This was the most satisfying dish out of our whole meal. Chicken skin came out crispy, while the meat stayed moist. Nicely seasoned, and I do like the garlicky hot sauce (although to me it seems more like ketchup) that came with it.Overall, I find our experience quite underwhelming. I feel the dishes could've been more refined both taste and presentation wise. I did notice the price increase, as most dishes are $1-2 more than when I last looked at their menu.
Came by based on all the excellent reviews, and I do especially like supporting local business. However, I found that the service was quite blas. I mean I understand that it's a small place, and there'd been someone else lining up as we were served but... not even a smile?? even after I said thank you after receiving my gelato. Maybe I came on a bad day?I got the Ferrero Rocher, and was satisfied but not blown away.
This review is based on the overall experience. Food only would be a 4/5.We went on the first weekend it was open, crazy line-up and it took almost 30 minutes to get our food.. which wasn't horrible had it not been for the severe lack of ventilation inside. I do hope they'd gotten it fixed since then. We smelled like smoke for the entire day, and it was hard to breathe in there.Service was friendly, the girl at the counter did a wonderful job, she did not rush and made friendly chats. I thought that was smart to even out the snaking line. We got the Pepito which was a steak torta, with guac and panella cheese. My favourite is the crusty bread, which eventually got soggy but still held up the ingredients pretty well. Perhaps, I found Panella cheese to be too heavy and chewy for my liking but it's personal preference. Overall, a solid sandwich. My favourite however is the Esquites (!! my mouth is watering just thinking about it).. which is a bowl of stewed corn. It was creamy, soupy, sweet and savoury at the same time. I personally am a huge fan of anything corn and creamy.I would skip the house made chips, nothing really special and some have gone stale probably from sitting out too long.I would go back to try their breakfast torta one day.. hopefully the line isn't so crazy and ventilation fixed!
Kingyo had been on my radar for sometime, and I finally made it here for dinner. We'd made same-day reservations and got an 8:15 slot. Arrived 15 minutes early but they were able to accommodate us right away, which was always a plus. Service was excellent, albeit on the slightly slower side towards the end. Understandable, as it was a Saturday night. I call it the Japanese hospitality, polite and efficient. Between my boyfriend and I, we had: Mabo sticky rice - this was one of their daily specials and admittedly, I did not pay enough attention to the description. The mabo sauce was savoury and flavourful, but I wasn't too keen on the deep fried mochi (sticky rice?).Hamachi Carpaccio - fan favourite. Everything worked well together, and I especially liked the tanginess of their house sauce. Stone Grilled Beef Tongue - need I say more? Stone Bowl Seafood and Sea Urchin don - I am a big fan of anything cooked in hot stones, especially love the crunchy rice you scrape off the bottom of the bowl.. mmm.. however I find this dish too rich after a while. I suspect it's the Uni? The diced pieces of daikon also threw me off texturally. We had some beers as well, decently priced. Lastly, we finished with some desserts. It's worth mentioning that they do half-sizes, which I absolutely appreciate. I like variety, and normally can't eat a lot of sweets. We got the black sesame ice cream, and Otona no pudding which reminded me of crme brle.Overall, I had a good experience at Kingyo. Food is tasty and reasonable priced; it is a little on the noisy side, as commonly found in Japanese establishments with seats closely placed together and servers shouting their welcome and goodbyes.
Food is 3.5 but 5 for Service! I did not have any prior expectations for L'Unita as this was a surprise reservation by my significant other. I have to highlight, after reading all these yelpers rave about the service, that they are indeed top-notch.We were almost half an hour late to our reservation, but they still accommodated us and even saved us nice seats by the window. Our server Diana was wonderful! She was genuinely friendly but not in your face, gave great suggestions, and was very attentive. This is the kind of service that makes you glad you're paying for a $25 pasta (thought I did not get the pasta at the time). They brought us the house-made bread to start, and it's one of my favourite. Wish I can remember what it's made of.. We got the warm olives to start - did not have any so can't comment. My boyfriend said he was not a fan.Grilled octopus - served with nduja sausage, fior di latte and bomba. I like this dish, octopus was grilled tender and with a bit of heat from the house made bomba.Our server personally recommended Wild Mushroom Bianca pizza - truffle sauce and wild mushrooms. The pizza is thinner than I like as it became quite soggy.. but I'm glad they did not over do it with the sauce as it was still light and with a good amount of cheese. Not a fan of the crust.I have to rave about their house made bomba, which is amazing.. goes really well with this particular pizza and gave it a nice kick. Overall, I did not find the food amazing.. I didn't think about it much after. But, it is worth going at least once.. still a solid dinner, with amazing service. It was consistent with everyone who's ever stopped by our table to refill our water, or bring our food. Good for date nights or group dinners as there will be something for people to enjoy.
Can't really vouch for their chocolates here but I absolutely love their gelato. They source their fruits from local farms, and you just have to try their ontario strawberry flavour! And if you feel like two, get the roasted almond as well. Best part, the prices... I've had gelatos twice the price and not nearly as good as Soma's.I've also received good customer service every time I come in.
I cannot be happier with my decision to choose Cornerstone to start my long-term ankle rehabilitation. Anna Staruszkiewicz is the best physiotherapist I know out there. She is very knowledgeable, accommodating, and has a great balance of professionalism and interpersonal skills. She makes sure you understand the nature of your injuries, prognosis, and goes over your treatment plan thoroughly. I always leave the session feeling great, and most importantly, full of new knowledge that I can apply in my day-to-day. My progression has been rapid, and Anna makes sure I am constantly challenging myself and comes up with new exercises. She addresses your concerns/questions which is very reassuring when you are recovering from a complex injury like me. The front desk staff (Jennifer and Sara in particular) are also excellent - very friendly and always prompt in responses. You can tell this clinic is well organized and managed - always a good vibe when I come in. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good overall experience with your treatment.
Just a little personal opinion before I go on to my review. I think it's funny how some people.. who are not from Thailand, probably never been to Thailand, challenges the authenticity of Thai food cooked by Thai people. And said people probably forget that a dish may be cooked in so many different ways depending on region and personal preference. End rant.One consensus about this place I can agree on is that it's COLD if you go on a chilly day. The place is on the small side, and not properly insulated either. We went on a Sunday during lunch, there was one other family there but other than that not busy at all. It is popular for takeouts as there was a steady influx of people coming in to pick-up and the phones did not stop ringing. There was only one person tending the front and serving, but she was still able to be efficient and friendly. We ordered from the lunch specials menu with the exception of Tom Yum with shrimp. Padthai with combo (comes with pop/tea, mango salad, and spring roll) - decent size, very saucy, my mom and I found that it was rather too sweet.. but easily fixed with hot sauce on that occasion. Not the best pad thai but still beats food court Thai.Red curry chicken - comes with jasmine rice, not my dish but I did have a taste and it was good. Tom yum was my personal favourite, it has that nice sour/spicy balance I like. Overall, a solid place in the area if you are craving for Thai. Not the best, but better than most. There are some street parking right in front of the strip.I would return to try other stuff on the menu.
I went in for a shellac manicure with Amy - she was awesome. She was patient and let me take my time choosing the colour I wanted. I also have to mention that she is a great conversationalist, she makes you feel very relaxed and comfortable. So good that I went back the same week and brought my mom in for a spa manicure and pedicure. I'd forgotten to book one for myself and they were accommodating with squeezing me in for a pedicure. Tina did my toes this time and she was also great, very warm and friendly. I must commend these two ladies on their work ethics and customer service. The prices are very fair and I like to keep my nails short and simple so this works for me. Might just come back soon to try their hair services. All in all, Room1Six is a neighbourhood gem, and if you're looking for a non-pretentious place for a relaxing spa mani/pedi please give this place a visit.
We actually just stumbled upon GongCha while driving by, and saw that Chatime line-up was crazy. It was packed inside, as can be expected on a Saturday night. But I see that they have some cozy sofas and communal tables for people planning to sit in. As soon as we ordered, a huge crowd walked in; it's safe to say they're gaining popularity as well. I'd tried GongCha in Asia and remembered liking their grass jelly topping, but with new places I always like asking for their recommendations. Now this is where I would give their service a 5-star as the girl behind the counter was friendly and informative. She took her time recommending us drinks, and even offered samples. I was so used to the brusque, or let's call it efficient services of bubbletea places that I was quite taken aback by this. Nevertheless, very much appreciated. Taste-wise, it kind of fell short of expectations since my drink came out too sweet even though I opted for 30% sugar. It was the brown sugar oolong milk tea that came with tapioca and coffee jelly. I have quite a sensitivity to sugar so it may be just right for some people. Coffee jelly was also meh but I think I'll have to go back again to find the right customization and flavour.
Working near the Annex, there is no shortage of sushi joints in the area. My usual go-to lunch spot is New Generation but I find the quality inconsistent and often lacking, but that's for another review. As for Maido.. I was always hesitant to since they don't have as big of a specials menu as the others. Today, I finally decided to try it and called for a pick up (thanks to a fellow Yelper who'd posted their lunch specials menu!). I got their lunch combo Maki A+B and chose salmon avocado, and yam tempura rolls. Upon entering, staff was friendly and approachable. I was delighted to find their salmon avocado rolls with good amount of salmon.. couldn't go wrong with a classic choice. The highlight however was the yam tempura, I like how they use yam fries, made for crispier tempura and goes well in a sushi. My coworker tried it and remarked that it was still hot and not soggy. The combo comes with miso soup, which I find nicely seasoned.So I'll say Maido is a solid choice if you're looking for cheap lunch options without sacrificing too much quality. For $9 (and that includes 13% tip) I was satisfied and planning to explore their menu.
There is an abundance of sushi joints in Toronto, but good sushi joints.... I can only count with one finger. I'm glad to be adding Saku to that list. Skeptical at first, but reassured by all the good reviews pointing to a consistent experience, we went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.Surprisingly not busy at all around 1pm, the restaurant has a modern and sleek vibe to it.Our waitress was friendly and gave us some excellent recommendations. Between 3 hungry people we shared:From the raw sushi menu:Lion King - prawn tempura, spicy tuna, avocado, green onionEnergy - prawn tempura, avocado, spicy tuna, unagiBBQ sushi menu:Island - prawn tempura, yam, avocado, scallopTapas:Breaded osyters with garlic mayo - this is meh. large pieces of oysters, heavily breaded. Torched salmon pressed sushiFood arrived quickly and nicely presented. My favourites were Island and Torched salmon pressed sushi. They just melt in your mouth, the combination of ingredients work really well for my taste. We did note that since it's fusion there are a lot of sauces used and it got a little empowering in the end. It would've been nice to order two fusion rolls and a mix of their regular sashimi cut to find that balanced flavour. Most of their rolls use prawn tempura and avocado as base, reminiscent of green dragon.Their prices are very reasonable, with most rolls averaging $11. They are huge in size too, we were really full at the end of our meal. I would definitely recommend going to Saku if you ever have a craving for sushi. Location is quite convenient and easy to find, I don't even think there are decent sushi spots around Queen St.
What's not to love about Sansotei? I've been coming here to get my noodle fix for years and it will always be my number 1 ramen place in Toronto. Very consistent, the broth is one of the richest amongst the other ramen places but that's why it's so tasty! I always get the tonkotsu black with thick noodle, and chicken karage on the side. Good to indulge when your sodium count is low.
What a disappointing experience. I won't even bother describing the food because it's not amazing enough to tolerate the overall service. We waited over 25 minutes from the time we ordered to get our appetizers. We ordered chips and spicy bean dip, and scallop ceviche..and the chips didn't even come until we were done with the ceviche. Then we waited another 20 minutes for our tacos, while the table that came after us were served their appetizers AND tacos and had finished before we got ours.It took us flagging two servers down, to find out there was apparently "a mix up in the kitchen". I understand mistakes happen, but the fact that they did not rectify this mistake right away and seemed inconvenienced when we asked, just made it worse. We had to ask where our food was twice. They did end up sending up a dessert for free, but at that point we were already upset at the whole experience.The food was okay, but like I said not amazing enough to take away the unpleasantness of our experience.
Location and menu looks promising. Disappointing first experience. We were seated in the patio area - table was dirty, one of the chairs was missing a cushion. Service was.. forgivable, I think our server was a trainee. My biggest issue was the timing of our food; the appetizers and main came almost 20 minutes later.. at the same time, if not later than our mains. If I order appetizers, I expect it to come first.Dessert had to be sent back, cause one of it was wrong. Again, forgivable for a new restaurant still training their servers. But the service just didn't feel sincere.. and if I'm choosing to spend my time and money visiting your establishment, I think it's fair to expect a good experience.. and unfortunately, this was not it. Oh, I almost forgot about the food. Got the tostadas, fish taco, and fajitas.. all very underwhelming and presentation was lacklustre. Really wanted to like this place..
I wish Yelp allows half stars as this joint deserves a little more than 3. I'd give it 3.5 stars. Been here twice specifically for Yakitori, which is located on the second floor of Kinton. I'll average my reviews based on the two visits. I do have to say if go on a Friday night, quality of service might be impacted since they tend to be understaffed. Once we were able to get someone's attention, the food didn't take long to arrive. Their menu isn't as extensive, but will still have the yakitori staples such as chicken balls, gizzard, wings, beef tongues, etc. I find their seasonings, albeit flavourful, to be too salty for my liking. My personal favourites are the chicken skin, chicken heart, chicken wings, premium beef tongue, and takoyaki. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's perfect on days where I feel peckish and want some variety. And, I would say Yakitori Kintori is an accurate description of an Izakaya where the food comes second, only as accompaniment to drinks.
This place came highly recommended by a Vietnamese acquaintance, who said this is as close as it gets to pho back home. After trying it out myself, I concur. Best place in town (so far). I always forget that their broth is already well-seasoned it barely needs any Hoisin or Sriracha, unlike many pho places around. I would highly recommend their cha gio, rolled thin with extra crispy batter.. my mouth is watering as I type this. I've never tried their rice dishes so I can only speak for their pho, but friends have told me they are pretty good as well.I've been to Pho Tien Thanh many times, and they have always been consistent flavour-wise. There are usually line ups no matter what time of the day I go. The only caveat to this place would be the lack of ventilation.
I was really excited to try out Concession Road after reading so many great reviews. True enough, it did not disappoint. My dinner date and I went on a Tuesday night for Winterlicious. Right off the bat, we were greeted warmly and brought to our seats at the other side of the restaurant. I love their minimalistic and clean decor. It looks like a nice place to hang out with some friends.Service was great, friendly and sincere with frequent check-ins. A few minor hiccups, but all rectified immediately upon bringing it to their attention.On to the food:I got the escargot, JFC, and panna cotta. My favourite of the entire night is the escargot, sauce is just divine and they don't skimp on the portion! JFC is good, crispy but still moist and tender inside. I wish it came with some veggies to balance the flavour and texture of the whole dish. Still a good solid dish though. Dessert is perfect, not too sweet and it's a nice finish to the meal.My dinner date had the salad, steak frites, and chocolate espresso mousse. I had bits and pieces of his meal. I gotta say the salad is one of the best salads I've ever tasted. It was light and refreshing, with some oranges and avocado to balance the tangy vinaigrette. Steak was cooked perfectly, although I'm not a fan of the horseradish butter but that is just personal preference.We also had some oysters in addition to our meal. It came in a mini casserole dish for each of us. Fresh and briny oysters, can't complain. I would go back to Concession Road and try out their regular menu. It isn't cheap as noted by some reviewers, but not too extravagant for some good nomnoms and service.
I chose Elements for my birthday because it was rated one of 50 restaurants with the best views in the world.  We set our reservation for 5:15 so not to miss the sunset.  We were a party of 5.  Our menus were customized with the birthday celebrants, which added a nice touch to our experience.First and foremost, we had the best service!  It was so amazing that I told the manager upon leaving how great it was.  Here's what we ordered:Blistered shishito peppersFoie gras panna cottaMaine lobster udonMiso glazed salmonKurobuta pork chopHoisin braised short ribsSalted caramel cheesecakeS'moresAMAZING!!!!!!!!!
Whether you have never tried pole dancing before or you've enjoyed it for years, Hannah is the teacher for you! Hannah will make you feel immediately at ease; she is a gifted teacher who has the unique ability to tailor each class to meet the needs of each student and take you to the next level - whatever that level is for YOU.  If you are looking for a studio where after EVERY class you leave feeling AMAZING and better about yourself- Heartfire is for YOU! I guarantee if you take lessons from Hannah one day you will find yourself confidently dancing to your favorite song, flowing seamlessly from one move to the next, loving your femininity, flipping upside down in some power move you never thought possible, and feeling like you can conquer the world!  All while being embraced by a community of women who love all shapes and sizes and will genuinely celebrate the uniqueness of YOU!  I can't imagine a week, or my life, without Hannah!
Dalia and juan were the best helpers ever thank you for making our experience at this place enjoyable you guys are the best!
Yummy place to eat.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful, and had no problems giving extra help on our 1st visit.  This is definiately on my list for places to frequent each trip to Vegas.
Your Beauty Call is AMAZING. I am usually one of those picky girls who insists that no one can do my hair and makeup better than I can, but when referred by a friend for a very important night I decided to go for it. Janine did my hair better than I ever could have. She knew exactly what to do to fit my personality and style. Once my makeup was done I wanted to hire these girls to be my full time stylist! WOW, LaVey took my natural look to a whole new level! She also knew exactly what would work for me and I loved that!After Janine and LaVey were complete, I knew I would definitely call them for every BIG event, date  or night on the town because they are that good! Definitely would recommend them to anyone!!
Renter beware and do not rent here! I rented over the summer 2 units that were supposed to be air cooled but they were not. I was repeatedly lied to - the first time was told the air would be on the next week, then that a part was on order, then that it was working (when it wasn't) and then that they couldn't find the water valve to fix it. I rented and paid for units that should have been cooled and went through the very hot Las Vegas summer. Some of my items are ruined and the company refuses to refund my money. It used to be called Extra Space Storage but a call to this location confirmed that SmartStop has been the owner and that Extra Space was only managing their property. I have filed complaints with the BBB, the Nevada Attorney General's Office and Nevada Consumer Affairs.
DO NOT RENT HERE!!!As other reviews validated, these are not air cooled even though they rent them as such. They lied to me repeatedly about getting the cooling fixed. First they told me it would be fixed the following Tuesday, then that they had a part on order, then they tried to tell me it was working when it was not and finally they told me they could not find the water valve for the G building where I had my 2 units. I have filed complaints with the BBB, The Nevada Attorney General's Office and Nevada Consumer Affairs. The company will not refund my rent money and some of my items were damaged over the very hot Las Vegas summer. They supposedly have been sent a letter from Consumer Affairs about false advertising that the units are cooled but I was told by Consumer Affairs that I would need to file a civil lawsuit to try to get a refund. HORRIBLE customer service from Extra Space. They will say anything to get you to rent. Renters beware and stay away from this one!
I'm often hard pressed to find good vegetarian dumplings in Toronto... but these ones are really tasty! The steamed melon / tofu / vegetable noodle dumplings are my favourite. Their green onion pancake is really good too. The perfect go-to place for a cheap lunch/dinner out.
I was pretty disappointed with the afternoon tea I had at the Windsor Arms yesterday. My friend had booked it as a treat for the two of us - to celebrate both her wedding and my birthday - after hearing rave reviews from her friends and colleagues. As far as I knew, the Windsor Arms was consistently rated as one of the best places to enjoy afternoon tea in Toronto, but unfortunately our experience today did not live up to this reputation - at all - it didn't even come close!We called to book our table a week ago, and advised the staff who took our reservation that we would require one set of vegetarian substitutes (for me) in place of the salmon and chicken sandwiches. My friend was assured that it would be no problem to accommodate my dietary restrictions. When the Windsor Arms staff called to confirm our reservation, my friend confirmed the vegetarian requirement again.I was incredibly disappointed to learn that being "accommodated" simply meant that I would only be served one type of sandwich. No choice, no variety, just the one sandwich. It didn't even match what was posted on the website - the online menu (http://www.windsorarmshotel.com/tearoom/tradional_afternoon_tea) boasts "Cucumber with Sundried Tomato Paste and Dill Cream Cheese" but this was something asparagus-based. The sandwiches were very obviously pre-made, unevenly cut, and barely bite-sized... no bigger than a piece of sushi, and not filling at all. Considering that sandwiches are a pretty substantial part of the afternoon tea experience, that was a real let down. I didn't want to make a big deal in front of the other guests in the tea room, but for $45 per person I was certainly expecting much more than what the Windsor Arms was able to to offer. I understand that the tea room benefits from a long-standing positive reputation, but there's no way that this is the "quality" that got the Windsor Arms to the top.I tried to follow up with the Windsor Arms staff multiple times, through multiple different channels - by email and by phone - at least 5 times between October 26th and November 19th - requesting a response... at least an apology. When one of my family members finally got in touch with the owner, he was incredibly rude and threatened her as follows: "We will not be responding to any more of your accusatory and false emails. Should you proceed with maligning our good image we will hold you responsible for any losses that we suffer as a result. Govern yourself accordingly."Sorry Mr. Friedmann, my comments are based on my true experiences with your restaurant and your staff, and I am free to express my opinions. I will agree to disagree, but you have no right to threaten me.
I've dined here twice: once for the 20-something course Carte Blanche menu, and again for the 4-course Yours Truly menu. Had a bit of an issue with my vegetarian options the first time around, but I raised it with the manager/owner and he (and his staff) really spoiled us when we came back. If you're a foodie, you'll be in heaven... especially if you're a vegetarian who has a hard time finding something out of the ordinary! The dishes are well explained, and so creatively put together - both in terms of flavour, and presentation - definitely a unique dining experience.
Best ice cream sandwiches in the city! I had the (homemade) ginger cookie with lemon meringue ice cream - opted for the "half sandwich" instead of a whole, so the cookie was split in half with a good few inches of ice cream in between. Can't wait to go back...
Eating at Frank is always a treat... especially before or after a visit to the AGO! The host / servers are warm and welcoming, and very attentive. The food is a bit pricier than other restaurant options in the area but I like the fact that they change their menu for every season - and sometimes even in between.  If you're looking for a three course meal at a more affordable price, check Frank out during Winterlicious.
I was at Memories of Japan with a large group this weekend, hoping to enjoy the all-you-can-eat dinner option. Given the size of our party, we had the foresight to order in advance (2-3 hours before our scheduled reservation) ... but were incredibly disappointed that quite a few of the dishes came out of order - and some dishes never came out at all, even after we reminded a number of servers over and over again. To their credit, the servers were pleasant and had a good sense of humour but we probably won't bother going back.
What a warm, cozy, and romantic restaurant - just north of Yorkville. We were tucked away on a side table for two, away from the rest of the diners. The place was packed, and yet the servers still took their time to walk us through the menu and special dishes of the day. We started with an order of warm olives, roasted garlic, peperoncino, and citrus and followed that up with arancini di zucca - basically fried risotto balls on a bed of black truffle honey... YUM. I had the (handmade, in house) sunchoke and ricotta tortelloni as my main course, and we treated ourselves to a mascarpone and almond layered cake for dessert - topped with chocolate ganache and plated with thin slices of blood orange. Quality of service and quality of food were both top notch :)
I am generally a big fan of O&B and have been there for a number of brunches, lunches and dinners - graduations, bridal showers, retirement parties etc. - although I have only ever frequented the Yonge and Front location.My husband and I joined a friend's birthday dinner at O&B Bayview Village a few weeks ago. He ordered the lamb gnocchi, which must have been contaminated or undercooked as he threw it a up a few hours later when we got home. I emailed the manager and urged him to check on what went wrong to ensure that it doesn't happen again - that was a month ago now... after two follow-ups, still no response. I'm vegetarian, so luckily I didn't suffer the same fate. I did point out an error on the menu though - our server confirmed that the romaine and kale caesar salad (marked as a "vegetarian" item) contained anchovy paste in the dressing. I know that anchovy paste is common in caesar salad dressing, and that's fine, but then the salad shouldn't be marked as a vegetarian item as that is very misleading. Top that off with no real customer service (certainly not at the staff level, and apparently not at the management level either) - not impressed.
Really pleased with this service!  I had two rooms with carpets that were practically destroyed from dog urine and Specialty Carpet did a great job cleaning them up.  We did the full pet urine treatment and so far it seems great.  I'll try to remember to post an update in a few days to report on how the carpets were after a little time.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND SPECIALTY CARPET CLEANING.
Love having a family run donut place on our side of town!  The owners are really friendly and the donuts are always good.
Great experience at this dealership! Took my CX-5 in due to a engine cover hanging off after an oil change elsewhere. The service techs happened to noice extensive tread wear on the inner part of the front tires due to poor alignment. They had new tires installed quickly and Bobby (service coordinator) was very helpful. He also had the car washed and even stepped outside to windex a leftover spot on a window. I also met another employee named Bob while waiting, who - through casual conversation about safety, design and engineering - may have made me an actual Mazda fan. Best automotive service experience ever. Thanks guys!
The hostess staff was welcoming and helpful. Our waitress Shatera provided very friendly and knowledgeable service. Food and ambience were excellent - especially the short-rib ravioli. Great restaurant!
Who thought rubbish could be such a pleasant experience.  Rubbish Works was easy to schedule, they confirmed and called before arrival, they were on time, they were quick and pricing was fair (although I don't have a ton of waste removal experience I felt like I got a super fair price).  Not to mention the guys had great attitudes in spite of it being July in Arizona.
Stephanie is a GO THE EXTRA MILE kinda gal.  She provided great service, totally cared, and really went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of.  Great customer care. Keep it up.  It makes a difference.
I went there this weekend to check it out and you cannot believe the selection.  They are the hippest and coolest frames I've seen!  The owner Sabina is passionate and brought me choices I wouldn't have thought to reach for...and they looked amazing.  Right now I only need sunglasses (and the selection was incredible, unique and affordable) but I can't wait until I need corrective lenses.  No doubt this is where I will shop.
GO HERE! Seriously, that gambling budget you have, spend it at these tables instead. Service: What you expect from a place like this. Different bread and dessert combination for our table of 4, server remembered exactly what we each wanted. Only delay was the main entree because we ordered the hen (whole hen) that takes a while to cook. Food: Yes, yes, and yes. Forget whatever food you had tasted before. From the butter to the foie gras, better versions than any other place I've ever been to. The bread was just medium to transport more butter to my mouth =D. Price: I don't drink so that affects the bill a lot. Expect at least $300 per person, this place can easily run into the thousands of dollars if you want. Overall: Most expensive meal of my life, BEST meal of my life. Totally worth it.
It's alright, never got the hype. I went 2 shake shacks one in NY and one in Las Vegas, though years apart. Food was ok here, can definitely tell it's a teir above the fast food joints like Burger King. Bad experiences with food: - Shack Attack Shake. Got this in NY. Wayy too chocolately. - Secret Sauce: tastes of pickles... I hate pickles. So this was definitely a personal thing, but ruined the burger for me. Other than that, the place in Vegas is nice and clean, helpful staff.
Got the Man vs Food favorite, Sage Fried Chicken with mashed potates, biscuts, etc. It'll be $25 after tip, but it's ginormous. Dish easily must've weighed 2lbs. Girl next to me was full after 4-5 bites. I got about 3/4 through it. This can easily feed 2 people. I would suggest people hop over to the bar seating to skip the 45 min line. Some couples did it and we were happy to scoot one seat over for them.
Better than Unami for me, but just slightly. Got the Europe Burgr. Ordered medium rare. Cooked perfectly.Got a bar seat and skipped the long line. Definitely check the place out if you're a burger fan.
Got the Jumbo Crab Cake. Plate of of crab, people at the bar were very nice and helpful.
Got the filet mignon benedict. This was mediocre at best. Food was lukewarm. Hash brown had a cheesy topping, mostly mushy, without the crispness. The medallions was chewy... And the muffin it was on tasted like it was from the grocery store. The egg was done nicely though.
Originally i meant to post a 1 star because I had the worst experience here. From dirty bathroom (for a Palazzo?) to rude management when I complained about it during check out. BUT thanks to the customer service rep who completely went above & beyond after I called in to customer service review a few days after. She was so empathetic and just genuinely nice! If not for her, I dont think id ever stay here again let alone refer all the contacts. Thank u to the awesome customer service   Rep who took care of me.
This place is so overrated! The only reason it's busy it's cuz it's conveniently located closer to the strip. Drive further down to Pho Saigon 8 for better Viet food!
I recently discovered this place and have been back 4 times within a few weeks time. I think overall i give them 5 stars. Good food, good price & excellent service! They've messed up 2 times but were so quick to make it up and also took it off my bill... And for that, I will keep coming back! Definitely recommended to everyone!
I came here a few days ago. I only come here when my go to place Brew (which btw is WAY better in every way, especially service & quality of drinks) is closed. They stay open an hour later so I settle for this place which is good enough. I have very high standards when it comes to Tea & boba... what upsets me is that I drove all the way from the strip, speed racing like crazy (I know that's bad) but I had to make it here to get my daily boba fix and make it 8 mins before they closed... only to find out they cleaned everything already and couldn't serve me a drink. Not only that, maybe an apology would have been nice after I explained that I drove all the way from the strip. MF!!! I will never go to this place again! If you close at 11pm then F***** close at 11pm. I understand you are not busy on a Sat night (wonder why?) and you want to clean... but don't have it where you cannot even order when the place should be open. It's basic business. Might as well close down if you don't really care! I'm done with this place. And I will tell everyone I know that I refer to not go here as well. Hope they close down since they love to close early!
I just cant stand the fake korean waitresses here who have attitude and pretend to be nice.  Not sincere. Korean robots is how i describe this waitress who served me today. Ur serving Ppl here.  Be genuine or find another job! Owners are nice. Sushi chefs are awesome.  Just do a poor job at picking Ppl on their frontline.
Ok I had to update my review because each time I've been there since they opened I've seen much improvements. I know it's just because they just opened. The food is much better, everything from the meats, shrimp patty to the finadene. Very authentic that's for sure. Sodium levels improved so it wasn't overwhelming. Last 3 times I've seen improvements so I am happy and will definitely be back with some friends. I really appreciated the service, making exceptions on certain things for me & the lil things to show the island spirit. If you haven't tried this place - it's a must for everyone having Guam food for the first time to being born on Guam.
Small place. But wow! Such great value! First time here. They have good food at such great prices for what it is. And they are nice! I love the combos. Will be coming back again!
I am a boba addict & give this place a 5 star! The tea is good quality & they have great customer service unlike other boba places (like Tea Station which I used to go to a lot - not anymore!) They are so good at catering to my particular taste buds & how i like my drink that they even have my recipe on the wall since I go there everyday! Thats impressive and makes me feel very welcomed unlike other boba places. The staff is welcoming & you can tell they are sincere. I totally recommend this place to everyone!And... A bonus is... Their Regular size is larger than a Large size at any other place ive been to! Love it!!
Food - 2 stars.  Service - 1 star.  They let u wait forever.  Don't pay attention. Food is decent nothing great.  Only come here because it's convenient/closer to home.  If you want real Filipino food go elsewhere.
Hmmm, what is the hype about??? The place is small with no seats, food is less than ordinary, service is just ok - nothing special. Menu is limited youd think they would specialize in what they serve? Nope! Wont be coming back!
I hate this place! I used to come here everyday for 10+ yrs! Yes - 10 yrs! Not a typo. I am addicted to boba. You'd think that for someone who comes everyday they would treat you better. Not this place! They are petty about the stuff that doesn't matter - buying a gift card so you can earn stamps, putting too much ice and if you ask for less they give you attitude because this is how they cheat you with the amount of tea there is in a drink. I get it. Business is business. However for someone who brings so much business at a ridiculous mark up! I pay just a lil under $7 per drink! Times that everyday for 10+ years. I tolerate their rude ass service because I do like their drinks. We dont have much options like CA does so I continued to go! Not anymore!!! Thank god I found a place that has better everything - better service, drinks & price! That's Icy Juicy on Spring Mtn/Jones! I pay $4ish for my drink & because I come everyday they treat me great! The best value is at Icy Juicy. Authentic taiwanese drinks for less w/ wayyyyy better service you cant go wrong!  Today after not going to Tea Station for 3 years now (and counting cuz I took my business else where)... I came back & imagine they told me they couldnt serve me my Rose milk tea (apparently they still remember me) with less ice which is how I ask it. Excuse me a-hole?? You want to charge me for a cup full of ice & have the nerve to tell me that I can only get it with regular ice? Did you forget Im the customer & i dont like my drinks watered down? Plus I pay $7 for it? I told them I will go else where & I tell you this - I will never be back! Management doesnt care either. A bunch of cheap chinese shit heads here! If you read this - ask your drink with LESS ice so you dont pay for a cup full of ice with less drink! Dont let them full you. But seriously go to Icy Juicy instead! Ppl just dont know abput them. The owner of Icy Juicy used to work at Tea Shitation!! He brought the same if not better quality for less! Tea Shitation has lost me as a customer forever as well as my referrals cuz i know a lot of ppl! But they dont care - And neither do I!
This place has gone downhill big time!! I am regular customer and last few times I waited an hour for me food! Wth!!!! They were not even busy and ladies standing around with their terrible attitude. You can tell by their body language! Very bad! I left pissed after an hour & only one other table today I waited 1 hr?????? Seriously!!!! Their food is not that good to wait for! Oh pls! Workers there are terrible!! Not worth it!!
Great first experience. Food was decent. I've had korean wings before and preferred it to be crispier. But thanks to the great customer service by Lloyd, he made it up and will be coming back.
Feel very disappointed coming here. I wanted Teppanyaki and I understand I am by myself so they cooked it at the back. Everything was less than ok. Miso soup had bad seaweed cuz been sitting all day. Salad was not fresh. Worst of all the food came put so fast & was just so bad. Not fresh. You can tell its been sitting there. I mean if im going to pay the regular price why should the quality be that much less. I recommend if going for teppanyaki have them cook it in front of u. After all its the same price. I gave 2 stars cuz the server, a young korean guy, was very accommodating & genuinely apologetic. I honestly dont think ill be back unfortunately. There is a place Ohjah nearby that i go to and recommend over this place. In the end, I dont even get a thank you from cashier after paying.
The place is nice inside. They renovated it. The prob is they talk too much. It's an open area and you hear ppl talking, snoring, etc. You get what you pay for. The massage itself is hit or miss. I have yet to find someone really good here.
This place is an under-rated place! If you havent tried it - its a must! Amazing food with fair prices & great service! You cant go wrong!
Change of ownership.  Preferred previous owners & the quality of food before.
This is the best Thai restaurant I have been to. The Garlic Prawns is a must! Tried a few dishes & everything is amazing! I recommend this to all the foodies out there!
2 stars at its best. I'm being nice. I was very disappointed in their food. Ambience is good just the food sucks!
Terrible food. Nice Ambience in great location. Price is high for food that isnt gpod. Im Asian so i know real asian food. The lobster fried rice which is $17 is prob the worst fried rice ive ever had. Corn in fried rice? How is that supposed to be asian? Female waitress was the nicest. The asian waiters are typical chinese jerks who give off the energy that they only care about money not caring if ur happy of not. I dont see this place making it! Terrible!
I come here everyday! They have the best value - Authentic taiwanese drinks @ the best prices with good service (they are nice to me because I come everyday and they know me but this is something that has improved from when I first started coming.) But I recommend this place to everyone!
Honestly I am NOT a fan. I did not enjoy their food at all. It was almost torturing to eat. I ordered the Mushu chow mein, pork & leek dumplings and chicken with mushroom noodles. Played with the food and had to call family to come and help me eat it because I really hate wasting food. The service was ok. The Chinese waiter and waitress are typical Chinese people who rush you. Only good thing I can say about this place is that they make the noodles fresh (even though I'd rather have not fresh noodles cause it taste better)... and the location is convenient. Other than that I don't think I'll ever come back!
What a hidden gem. Food is great! Price is so fair. Relaxing atmosphere. And service is on point! What more can you ask for? This is my 2nd time here after discovering this place last week and i will for sure come back. Only thing I would say is the spice level is higher than normal so adjust accordingly. But now I know. I highly recommend this place!
This review is for the Hibachi cooked in the kitchen without the "show". I'm not impressed at all. Way too saucy and salty! Fried rice was drenched in butter. Felt like I might have a heart attack after. Oh my! I guess some people like that but this was just way too much. Service was good but if food isn't good enough I won't be back, unfortunately. I might be willing to try their sushi though.
Seriously, I would never come back! The service is ok but the food is just so... Im lost for words. I ordered the korean chicken, musubi, etc. The chicken was full of batter and I felt like I was going to get a heart attack just looking at it. The musubi was sitting for a while and was just below average. I guess it represents the name as Express but seriously... if you want better quality food, just go next door to Jun's in the same building! I was debating between the two and because I always go to Juns I figured id try this place out. Never again!
Terrible first experience. How do you run out of rice? I mean I guess it happens but you should really be prepared if you are running a business. I'm Asian so I need my rice or I won't be satisfied. Ugh, waited 30+ mins for it. So annoying when you are starving. Their food is ok. Not bad but but nothing special.
This place should just close down if they don't care about customer service. There is a young asian girl who took our order (Her name is Khong based on my receipt) & seems like she is having a bad day & her attitude is TERRIBLE!! Why work there if you have an attitude like that. She is obviously young with no experience or maybe her mother owns it (cuz who the heck would hire her??!!) But being young & inexperienced is no excuse to act like a brat! The drinks itself is toooooo sweet & when asked to adjust it - MORE Attitude! I feel so unwelcome here. There are so many other tea places to go to. I recommend Tea Space right next to it. They have quality drinks without the attitude here at Bambu. They actually want you to be happy & welcome adjustments. I will never come back & i will never recommend this place to anyone! Stay away!
Vans are below standard. Old & dirty. Customer service is horrible! Long wait. When returning car you have to line up in long line all over again. First & last time renting here. You are better off renting from bigger company with newer cars, better service & less waiting time!
If I can give this place 10 stars, I would! Good food,  good price & exceptional service. I've been here many times and was never disappointed.  Only once I said it was just "ok" and to my surprise the chef made me something special to make up for my dissatisfaction with my food.  The staff (especially Shiela) rocks!  Always going the extra mile to make sure customers are happy.  The price is amazing for what you get. I recommend this place to everyone!
Interesting flavors... Can't say it's the best tho. Changed a lot after the original owner left. He was the real chef. Can't copy a real chef's recipe no matter how hard you try. Just can't. Overall a decent place.
5 Stars!!! If I could give 6 I would. I am super picky when it comes to my boba drinks. It took a few times to adjust a few things but now I got my drink down! I come I and they remember my order! I'm very impressed. Even when something is off, they gladly fix it without the attitude you'll find at most places. High Quality tea Excellent customer service Great Price Close to home What more can I ask for? Highly recommend!
This was our second hotel on our contiki tour. The hotel is family run and quite dated though they've made an effort to make it nice.Our room was musty smelling but clean with a nice balcony.We did have issues in our room with water pressure and temperature (took a really long time to heat up). The staff tried to fix the issue, but we were only there one night so I just shrugged it off.We ate dinner in the hotel as part of the tour and the food was pretty decent. It's very close proximity to Loch Ness which is convenient.The hotel does have wifi but not in the rooms but the common area but doesn't have a super great signal.
Myself and my cousin were booked into this hotel as part of a Contiki tour. We booked in an extra night before we started because we arrived early.The hotel is clean though a bit dated. We had to ask for toilet paper as we ran out and there were no spares. The wifi in our room was quite spotty and unreliable, others in our group had no issues though. The rooms are also quite small with little room to walk if you're sharing.The breakfast is decent, typical buffet with eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, baked beans, sausages, and bacon as well as toasts, fruit, pastries, yogurt, cereal and pancakes.Across the road is a big shopping area with a sainsbury's, boots, marks and spencer and more which was convenient for us when we arrived to get some snacks, water and a few toiletries we didn't bring with us.The location is west of the city centre which seems a bit of a pain, but if you're willing to walk it's about a 45 minute walk or there is a bus outside the hotel that goes straight into the centre of the city. The cost of the bus was 1.60 or you can get a day pass for 4.00.I'd stay here again if I was back in town.
Very nice looking place. Frozen burger patties with no flavor. Fresh fries and just ok. Should have tried chicken or something more fresh.
I'm shocked by some of these reviews. Im 21 and I've been going to this salon since I was 17. They are always super nice and conversational and make my nails look awesome. I guess to each his own experience, but I always come back when I'm in town.
Beyond disgusting!!! Ducks ... yes feathered, pooping ducks have free reign of the place!  A health hazard beyond measure. Health Department... WHERE ARE YOU!!!
The focus on "Selling Stuff," poor customer service and suspect dental care ... There are MANY better options out there!
Very disappointing and seriously understaffed ... from reception all the way through. We were seated early for our 11 reservation. By noon ... no food and it would have been another 20 min. We had theater tickets so had to leave. Mgr comped our few beverages and 1 coffee cake, as she should have. Don't know if it was a bad day ... but will be a long time before we try again.
Office is disorganized.  Confused me with another patient when I called for information.  Finally spoke with Dr.  Thomas - who also confused me with another patient.  Was incredibly rude when I asked him to confirm the birthdate on my chart ... to confirm he was actually looking at my chart!  There have to be better alternatives in Scottsdale!  I will certainly be looking for one of them.
Interesting spot. Great service. Food, not so much. Portions uneven in size. Some VERY SPICY. Condiments such as sour cream, Guac often not included. Use of cheese is beyond sparing. All in not very interesring and very noisy ...has a long way to go to get me back.
Our family had such a great time here.  I was amazed with how interactive the lifeguards were here.  Our children had a blast.  Yes it can be pricey, depending on if you wish to spend extra in gift shop or other areas, but we brought our own beverages, breakfast, and snacks so that was really not an issue.  The only reason I don't give them five stars is because the bed for my husband and I was so uncomfortable, my back and neck hurt the next day.  Also, the shower tiles were moldy in our room, and our room stunk when walking in.  It looked clean other than the shower.  Overall, I'd take the uncomfortable sleep any day to keep those big smiles on my children's faces!!  My husband was a giddy child over the water slides, so even that was priceless!   The staff was all super nice, it did not take long at all to be checked in (on Wednesday weekday) and also called our phone shortly after letting us know the room was available.  Very pleased with the staff and water park! Yes, even at midnight (thinking wifi would be better then) the wifi stinks!  But we were so worn out, it didn't bother me too much.
Sop up some overcooked hamburger meat with white bread instead.  Seriously the only truly awful Ethiopian restaurant I have ever tried.  I love this cuisine and enjoy it in most major cities across this country and a few overseas, I didn't know bad Ethiopian restaurants existed until I came here.  The food was greasy, overcooked and flavorless - and the prices were three times what I ever paid before, anywhere!  I wish I could give negative stars. I'm not kidding, words can't adequately describe how revolting this experience was.I chose to introduce my father to Ethiopian food here after years of extolling its virtues and was painfully embarrassed.  No wonder the restaurant was empty - apperantly this is the norm? I am baffled by the good reviews. The only people that could like this slop are people that are unfamiliar with food!
I was blown away by the quality of merchandise in this store!  As a curvy girl, I'm used to having to pick through racks of ugly tents to find one item that isn't depressing.  Here is an entire store full of fun, stylish clothes that can take you from work to dinner and out that night!  All the way from hair stuff to shoes!  Its one stop shopping that really makes my life easier, and the prices are so great I couldn't believe it.  I'm not kidding.  Forget one day sales - come here instead.  The proprietor, Amanda, is also amazingly helpful.  She is so hands-on with her inventory you can ask her at any given time "do you have an outfit for this" and she can take you right to it.  She is so cheerful and pleasant to talk to, and the other patrons so fun, shopping here is just a great way to spend the afternoon!
Ordered 2 pizzas and got 2 wet messes. Looked like they'd been carried sideways and the slices were so wet they fell apart. After a ridiculously long back-and-forth trying to get a refund on the phone, they hung up on us. Pizza Nova FTW!
I recently moved to Arizona and am starting from scratch as I sold all my possessions in California. I drove a big SUV and was ready to purchase a more fuel efficient car but didn't want to sacrifice performance. I'm not one to go to the first dealer and get pressured into buying anything so I spent the greater part of 2 months searching for cars in the valley shopping around. I've read and heard great consumer reviews on Infiniti and have been eyeing the new and beautiful Infiniti Q50 hybrid and saw one online that I wanted to check out at Infiniti of Scottsdale. After a few minutes of walking in on the lot, I was greeted by a nice and welcoming sales rep by the name of Nic. He was extremely helpful as I was asking a lot of questions. His sales manager Amir also greeted me and answered some questions since he also drives the same car (not the hybrid) and told me the features and benefits of the vehicle. At NO point in our conversation did I feel that I was being pressured to buy this car and felt very comfortable with our interactions. I ended up taking the car for a test drive and immediately fell in love. The ride is smooth, great performance and gets great gas mileage. We worked out the numbers and found a comfortable payment with great terms. I couldn't be happier with my decision and will recommend this dealership to anyone I meet who's in the market for a car. Thank you Amir and Nic for making my purchase easy and smooth. You found yourselves a new loyal customer in a new city.
Good friendly vibe. Luis was very helpful and personable. Instantly introduced himself when I walked in the door. Helped me with exactly what I needed to get my vape to work like brand new.
I went there for dinner tonight and the experience was a mixed bag. The food was good don't get me wrong, but the waitress was awful. She came across as very stuck up, and kept acting like I was bothering her for asking for more water. Especially considering this place is expensive I expected way more from the waitress.
So I went there for dinner a few nights ago and so far it has been the best experience eating here in Montreal. The food was also fabulous. The waitress was super friendly, and the food was good. Definitely a place I would recommend anyone check out.
I went there last night for drinks, and I have to say I was impressed. Drinks were good. Although they could have used more bourbon, but everything could always use more bourbon. Super friendly bartenders, and unique atmosphere.
I have never been so embarrassed and so UPSET at the same damn time! Please, I URGE future people do NOT, once again DO NOT use this establishment! I was bit by God knows how many bed bugs! I stayed in room 2703 and hours later wake up itching and to bite marks along with swollen arm! I was PUNISHED & TORTURED at Circus Circus as if I were a Guantanamo prisoner! I am sending this notice to warn others who are even thinking to cheap out like I did! Don't do it to yourself, bc I obviously PLAYED myself!
What an awesome experience! The wait was a little longer than quoted but understandable; Sunday brunch and we wanted to be on the patio. When we were seated, the hostesses apologized. The food was pretty awesome but what really made our experience so awesome was our waitress and the staff. Cheryl was so amazing! We had a child with us who was a picky eater and she was so patient and accommodating; got the little guy everything he wanted. Throughout the meal, she was always so attentive and always made sure we had fresh bread (incredible). At the end of the meal, she showed us the rewards program. I can't say enough about how awesome she was! Will definitely come back on our next visit.
Visited High Branch Brewery last night for the first time and loved it. Small space was filled to capacity. Good beer, a hidden gem that more and more folks will find now that Cabarrus Brewing Company is right across the lot. Everyone will win!
Slammed on their opening day and they nailed it! Great beer, terrific atmosphere. Excellent staff.
Recently bought a groupon for $50 to get the meat sampler($100 value). Called about 2 weeks in advanced to ask if they could freeze the meat before picking it up and was told they could not. Called again the day we were going to pick it up and asked if they needed advance notice to pick up the order and was told no because it's all frozen.  I had been planning to cook the 4 chicken breasts that night so it was a little upsetting. When we got there we asked if we could get the chicken breast fresh and they said they could see if any that had been prepackaged that day was not fully frozen but could not give us the chicken from the case in front. She was able to find one that was barely frozen(thawed before we got home). and bagged up the sampler and we were on our merry way. Only used the chicken and 4 of the steaks so far but both where phenominal. The biggest disappointment was the size of the chicken breasts(total weight was under 1 pound). Otherwise it was a great deal that if made available again i will definitely purchase as the quality of meat is superb in my humble opinion. Other than the confusion and size of chicken breasts it's a great place to get your meat.
Came here on a Saturday night with my wife for date night. I'd been here for lunch previously but never dinner so we took the safe route and made a reservation. We arrived and were promptly seated. My wife and i each visited the market table and got a small salad. After that we flipped our cards and the fun began. My favorite two meats were the Pinchia and the Filet(without bacon). The filet was so fresh and perfectly cooked it literally melted in your mouth. We were served the last two pieces of garlic beef from one of the meat people and it was way overcooked.  Other than that we were able to get the requested temperature on every other meat. Our waitress was very attentive and refilled our drinks before they ever got close to empty. The reason it gets a 4 stars is what happened when we paid(take note it was not our original waitress that processed our check). We had a $100 visa gift card and requested that they charge $100 on that card and the rest on another card. When the bill was returned they had charged only $80 on the visa gift card and the remaining amount on the other card with no explanation. We had a great time and will definitely come back in the future.
First and foremost the food here is great. Love everything about it. The problem appears to be the workers. About a week ago I stopped in to get a coffee after dropping my wife at work. I was told it would be $1 and some change. I signed my receipt that said $1 and change and went home. Later in the day i'm paying bills and see the charge from D'lish as $6.56 on my bank history. All i got was a coffee. So the cashier at the drive through clearly screwed up. Everyone makes mistakes so I'm not to bothered by this. However, A week later i go back for some burritos and breakfast buzz. Everything seems hunky dory. Fast forward to the next day and I'm at work when i receive a call from someone who says they were in line behind me the day before at D'lish and they have my debit card. I look in my wallet and lo and behold I was given someone elses debit card when at delish the previous day.Now i can forgive an overcharge. It's easy to fat finger a cash register but to give away my debit card to someone else is completely unacceptable. Part of the blame could certainly be on me for not checking but if you're operating a business I'm trusting you do things right. The fact that you messed up twice within 2 weeks is almost unforgivable. Still not sure i'll ever go back. If I do I'll definitely be bringing cash
Having read the reviews prior to coming we were well aware there would be a wait. In addition we had a group of 6 so we expected the wait to be awhile. We arrived shortly before 11am on a sunday and were told that the wait would be 45 minutes. We had a nice chat outside and were seated just before 1130. Previous reviewers mentioned the coffee was the best they'd every had so i ordered the coffee. The coffee was good but my cup was only refilled once and sat empty for a little bit. I ordered the New Mexico Skillet after being scared away from the omelttes( saw one delivered to a nearby table and while it looked delicious the thing was huge. I could not have eaten it by myself). Food was delivered quicker than we expected and was definitely some of the better breakfast food I've had in a while. Most dishes were very reasonably priced. We'll probably come back but it will likely be a while. Other breakfast places are close to as good and often have shorter wait times.
After reading that Coconuts fish taco's were the best I had to try them. And everything I'd read was true. The fish tacos were amazing. The best fish taco's I'd ever had. My fiance ordered the fish and chips and the fish was pretty good too. Their tarter sauce was probably the second best part of both our meals. I will definitely be going back.
Been meaning to try this place since moving to the area in June and finally got around to it. As some reviewers have mentioned the burgers can get expensive but it really depends on the meat and size you get. The basic 1/2 pound beef(oops posted wrong size. either way burger was big enough for me) is around 9. With all the toppings you can put on it it makes it bigger than what can fit in your mouth. Overall the burger was better than any burger I've had in the area. All the toppings were really fresh.In addition to getting the burger, we tried there half and half (french fries and onion straws). It was large enough fro two people to share.They have really good deals different days and happy hour is pretty good to. They have $5 pitchers on sundays of any beer on tap with .25 cent wings(haven't tried these but hard to find em at this price anymore) and half off appetizers which makes their fried pickles a great deal and they taste good.
Very friendly service, great starters and exciting menu all up. Steak tartare was Maria's first attempt at that and it all disappeared, cucumber soup was "like Babcia makes it" and my sweetbread melted in the tongue. Only reason this is not a 5 star is neither of us much cared for he risotto, rice had a kind of gritty texture to it.
My mom order a cake for my sons 2 nd birthday. The decoration was impressive. The cake was disgusting. I was embarrassed and was so grateful I had made a ton of cupcakes because there was no way I could serve that cake to the guest. When my mom wrote "the cake lady" to tell her the cake was actually awful she never even replied with an apology for the less than appetizing product she delivered. I would never recommend this lady, terrible service. If your considering getting a cake here don't do it! Find someone else.
Everyone in the office is always friendly which is a plus! Most importantly every dentist we have worked with thus far has really been great!
I have got several massages here. The therapist are all good. The management staff however are terrible. I signed up for a membership thinking I go enough so might as well. All the " promotions" for me were more like scams to make you spend more.the last customer appreciation was the last straw for me, I decided to cancel. Then I was told it would cost me $200. These people are worse than LA fitness.absoluely would never recommend this place to anyone. You can get a good massage at any resort in town where at least you will be treated well.
Where to start? How about the order my company put in was over a $600 in business for this company. When they brought half the order and arrived over an hour late it was a good sign to show they do not care about their customers!! On top of that the "owner" who refused to get a manager or let us speak to a different owner was rude and actually yelling at out representative who was almost in tears and  threatening to not bring the remainder of our order. I cannot believe that the customer service was so terrible and that this mediocre pizza place is still in business.. i am sure if you are just going in for a slice its no big deal to have poor treatment but a business stand point these kinds of situations are completely unacceptable. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! WORST EVER!
I should start with I hate going to the dentist and do everything I can to avoid being there! That being said every member of the staff from the dental hygienist ( heather) to the dental assistant ( Anthony ) and the dentist ( Dr Ward) are hands down the best in Arizona. I am grown woman who cries every time she has to sit in the dentist chair, not one of them made me feel like this was a problem. All  of them were more than understanding and thoughtful the entire visit. So grateful to have found this office for my dental needs.  If you need a dentist and want the best experience possible, look no further! I don't remember the the name of the lady who made my appointment over the phone but she was also more than helpful and kind when I explained why it had been so long since the last visit and my fears.
The last visit was the worst, and as usual everyone who came in contact with my son was kind, patient and comforting. These are the kind of people who should get metals for what they do!
I ordered a cake for my sons birthday and it came out purple... The cake decorator said it was th same and the color was blue- purple. Not its just purple. Ridiculous.
Went to this place for Easter Brunch and had the worst service I have ever experienced. Had to wait 30 minutes past my reservation time. Ordered dessert and never received it but it made it to my bill. Salad bar is terrible, meat mediocre. Don't waste your time and money.
this place sucks...aint got shit...ordered 5 dishes...waiter came back and say we dont have anything....how the hell ya run a business without so many things missing on the menu....wtf!!!!!if i can give a negative star i will but yelp does not have those function.....i wad forced to give one star.....
We ate here on Sunday as part of my bachelorette weekend and it was phenomenal.  As someone who cannot eat gluten, it can be hard to find truly gluten-free restaurants, let alone ones that are tasty and affordable.  The Kensington Cornerstone has it all.  Brunch was delicious, prices were reasonable, the atmosphere was fun, the music was great, and the server was friendly and attentive.  I could not be happier and definitely intend to go back to The Kensington Cornerstone the next time I'm in Toronto.
Always stay at the Olreans when am in Vegas. friendly staff and always great time gambling and eating.buffet lines are short and fast every time i go. Prime rib is pretty good as well. Cafe  good food 24/7 hotel rooms are nice updated with a flat screen tv etc.
Start off with oxtail chili cheese fries run move into the kiki's burger... By then no room for dessert! So amazing
great location right off the strip sidewalk. view is great service was great. had the steak sandwich which was really good
Food: i had the porter house steak which by far one of the best ive ever had. Service: pretty much like any other steak house nothing stands out at this restaurant side notes: we went for new years eve celebrations thinking we could order their NYE special and regular menu like their ads stated. but apparently its by table only so everyone has to do the set menu. we decided not to do that.
Spend your hard earn money else where in VegasCheck- in at 3pm for my large Warp around suite and 1 bed room connecting room. Was told no rooms were open for what i had rented!! ended up waiting for them to track down a room they could offer me till they could fix the problem. took them 5 hours to finally get a room ready for my group.  wasted lost time and money! while waiting i checked out the Secret pizza- so secret it shouldnt even be open! waited over an hour for a whole pizza! which wasnt great at all! disappointed again...pizza wasnt great at all! under cooked. staff not so friendly checked out early
Amazing course, top 5 that I have played. I played the Pinnacle course which is the tougher of the two and certainly is hard.Although I played relatively bad, I shot in the high 80's, it had a blast playing it. Extremely well kept fairways, bunkers, and greens. The greens where playing a bit slower to my liking, however. Staff was very nice especially the ranger who stopped by for a chat twice throughout the round. Scenery was amazing. You feel completely emerged within  the tropical desert theme. The only thing wrong with the course is that I love so far away, California, that I will only play it once in a blue moon. :(
I went for the first time with my family this past weekend and would say that it was one of the best days ever!! We did the mega zip line, the obstacle course, the white water rafting, and the rock climbing wall. Our son is 8 and could join in everything and had a  blast. The staff is amazing and the restaurant was wonderful! We will be back!!!!
Don't eat before arriving for at least 12 hours!!! You need to come with an empty stomach and some time to put away a pound of smoked perfection!!! Don't forget to top it all off with a Bekke's Smoked Pecan Pie!
Nice food and service! christian Santos, promptly greated us and was more then accommodating  that our drinks were served fast,. He's very polite and friendly!
I can't imagine the amount of profit ASU is making on every student who lives here.  With sub standard apts, no security, no customer service and still charging students $700 each for a apt with four to an apt. Still another $700 for one parking space.  Please be careful when housing your student that you go to a non ASU owned complex. There were break-ins, thefts, numerous cars towed while the trucks hid waiting, and no hot water for days at a time. Steer clear!
Yesterday, we took my mom to Oregano's for a birthday lunch.  Not only was the food great, but our server, "Sarah", went above and beyond.  We eat out a lot and she was by far, one of the best and most attentive servers we have ever had. In fact, every worker we came in contact with was polite, professional and helpful.  I would like to give a shout out to Sarah for a great meal all the way around.
Tonight we decided to have Schlotzsky's take out.  Usually it's good. Tonight, not so much. We had one sandwich (out of six items) that was not great--smoked turkey breast on Sourdough. This sandwich had no lettuce and no mayo.  At the prices here, we have come to expect more. Also, there was only one slice of tomato. I just hope they pay a little more attention to detail in the future. One more thing, we got three Caesar salads with one Caesar dressing and two ranch. Just not what we've come to expect.
Had my first donut today from Sunrise and it was excellent. My son even took two jelly donuts to my mother and she ate both right away, that's how good they were. I will definitely be going back!
I have loved this place for 20+ years. Their items are both unique and high quality.  Their customer service is phenomenal. You will not be disappointed if you stop by to shop. In fact, you may want to furnish your whole house!  Give them a try!
My husband and I stopped by two weeks ago on a Sunday for lunch. Service was great as the place was pretty empty. The food, however, was the worst we have ever had. This is my husband's favorite place to eat so it was very disappointing. The entrees were so cold it was like they were from the day before. We should have said something but didn't.
Outstanding!  The selections and prices are the best you csn find.  The fruit /juice stand offers varieties of slection which are hard to find anywhere else.  if yiu miss being in Mexico snd looking for an authentic market, youve found it!
So many people recommended this place...  Why?   The food is average at best.  All small.portions are just that, small.  Reduces over indulgance but also dries out the food.  Roast beef was tough and not well cooked.  Seafood had minmal selections.  Not one item to brag about.  Over priced hyoe for a place that servers gimick mini containers to pretty uo child portions!  Not a fan.
Steak & Eggs did not hold a candle to the breakfast we used to get here in the late 70's. Too much fat on the steak and the hash browns were not cooked enough. But the coffee was good. And the eggs were perfect.
I'm leaving 5 stars because JEN at the bar is amazing. The kitchen was backed up she was completely honest with us. So we sat and drank had a great time then ate. She made the best drink for me. I ended up ordering four of them. :) thank you!
Great show! Everyone did an amazing job. I found it hilarious.Friendly warning to audience: if you have strong opinions on sexuality and feel the need to express them. Please go watch something else. The couple sitting behind me were so inappropriate when they saw the two male performers kiss multiple time. Their comment "that's just wrong". Kinda put a dagger to my entire evening.
Massage Green Spa is my new find, and I think it's a keeper. I was seeking infrared sauna, and I'm in my 4th week. The staff now knows my desired preheat temperature and has the sauna ready for me when I arrive. I'm very impressed with the atmosphere. On top of it all, I'm learning about their packages, memberships and rewards program. I will definitely move into membership(s) in the near future.
Absolutely horrid! I ordered a fresh squeezed O.J.It had a brownish tinge (ugh) I tasted it anyway, hoping they had used some blood oranges. Nope. Disgusting. Definitely NOT fresh squeezed. Threw it away. Avoid at all costs
I got a cut yesterday from Liz and I have to say it's a great cut. I'm picky about my hair because it's curly and there's a ton of it so I was nervous trying a new salon. When I called, I was quoted a price of $65 because of my hair texture and length. Like another reviewer I was a little put off but I know the work that sometimes has to go into my hair. A blow out has left stylists sweating in the past. However, once I went to pay, my cut was only $50. I came for a simple cut, changing my part and evening out layers (that I had cut myself...) and the results were a completely different look. If I had more extensive services I'm sure they'd have turned out just as good. I would like a little more space in a salon, with only 3 chairs for stylists and limited waiting area space but meh. Good regardless. I will be coming back in the future for my next cut. :)
My husband and I stopped by last night during a rainy Sat night. We live in the West Valley and came down town for a date night. The ice cream was really good, very elevated flavors, even though some were a bit off the wall. I appreciated the funny names, but it was hard to tell what they were without asking about almost every one. (Maleficent = vanilla ice cream colored blue/green with white chocolate chips, Arizona Sunrise = orange creamciscle, Hopeless Romantic = red velvet ice cream with cream cheese swirl). This wouldn't have been a problem, except the guy working the counter was SUPER rude. He berated the poor woman on front of me, not once but twice, because he said she was talking too low, even though the freezer case was humming super loud and he had music playing from a radio behind him. When it was my turn, I asked for two samples because I had pretty much figured out the other flavors based on questions the other customers had asked.  He told me he would have to "cut me off" at two samples. I told him that was fine because that's all I asked for. The honey lavender was good, lots of lavender, which I thought was just a bit much. I didn't care for the Funky Monkey - it had a weird tasting banana flavor to it. I practically shouted my order at him so he could hear me. It was all super awkward and uncomfortable. I won't be going back any time soon, even though the flavors we chose were super tasty (Cookie Monster, mint and Cocoa Puffs). Sometimes you can't make up for customer service.
This place is amazing! Night and day difference to our old dentist office in Surprise. My daughter used to be afraid of her old dentist, but now she can't wait to go back. The lobby is enchanting, with free arcade games to keep the kids busy. They called us back super fast and we were in and out in no time. They have TVs playing movies above the chairs to keep the kids distracted while they work. I was even impressed with the detail they were able to provide in their X-rays, looking ahead to spot potential future problems instead of just focusing on right now. Two big thumbs up!!
I've have glasses for 26 year and have been to a few differant eye docs. This is by far the worst one I have ever been to. I reluctantly went back after they went broke and opened with a new doctor. Long story short I and still waiting to get my contacts 3 weeks later. The pair they gave me to hold me over until my new ones came in are wrong and I keep blinking them out. Horrible doctors, horrible service, and rude front end workers. Shity selection of eye glasses too....NO STARS!!!!!!
Went for brunch last Saturday and had breakfast enchiladas.  They were great.  This is one of our favorites in Phx
This place is great.  Like all the tacos but coffee braised beef and Peking duck are my favorites
Barro's  has great pizza but the Anthem store needs a new phone system.  On more than one occasion we have called to order and cannot get through for more than 30 minutes.  Usually just drive over and order.  Also they never have it ready when they say.  Always add 10 minutes and you'll be ok.  Barro's please add lines or order via the web. Get in the current technology decade could you?
Went in today for a late lunch. Hardly any other patrons and was seat yourself.  Some one came over fairly quickly with a menu and took drink order then proceeded to disappear.  Some one else came by a few minutes later and wondered if I had been waited on then left.  After another few minutes gave up and left.  Third visit food is only OK and service is awful.  Don't waste your $$$.  Maybe they'll go out of business and we can get a good burger restaurant in Anthem
I used to go to the drive-thru portion quite a bit and it wasn't the best car wash but it was okay for the money. But the last time I took my truck through there when I got home I noticed it I had scuff marks all along the edge of the roof where it meets the driver's door. I had to take that to a shop and have that all buffed out. I guess that bargain Car Wash wasn't such a bargain after all
My room was disgusting! Firstly, the bathroom sink and mirror were not clean (toothpaste on the mirror, water stains and rings around the sink), our bathroom sink was constantly clogged, the shower door handle kept falling off, and the shower floor was yellow and slimy! And to top it off, when I picked up the bar of soap and opened the box, there was HAIR all over the supposedly unused bar of soap! The carpet was also filthy and slimy-feeling and the bed was terribly worn in. I called about a fresh set of sheets (because I did not have confidence in the housekeeping staff to apply fresh sheets if they can't even put a fresh bar of soap in the bathroom) and I had to change the sheets myself. The hotel staff was friendly, but no amount of friendliness can make up for filth. Cleanliness is not an option in hotels, it is a MUST- and this hotel was sorely lacking. I will NOT stay here again!
So fair warning, this place is over priced even for an airport. I got a burger (came with sweet potato) fries and a boozy milkshake and my bill was $34. The waitress took a bit longer than normal, but I had a long layover so it wasn't a huge deal. Once she took my order, The burger came out in a reasonable amount of time, however it was over cooked as I had requested medium rare and it came out medium well. I asked her if she could take the party to have it cooked properly. She very politely obliged and actually brought me out an entirely new meal. This time the party came out medium and I was happy to accept it that way, because I think the issue is that the party is not super thick and was probably frozen before hand, so health safety wise, the cook may not have been able to achieve medium rare properly. Over all the burger tastes fine, it was seasoned properly and big enough that with the fries, I only ate half and took the rest to go. The sweet potato fries were fine too; not the best I've ever had, but not bad by any means. The cookies and cream milkshake was not good. The liquid to ice cream to cookie ratio was way off. It had a very thin consistency and was not blended very well. There were huge chunks of cookie clumped together in the bottom and there definitely was not enough ice cream in the blending process. Overall, this place is pretty on par with other airport food. It wasn't fantastic, but I've had worse and my server was very nice and friendly.
My experience here was fantastic from top to bottom. I was thirty minutes late to my reservation because my plane got delayed. They were so kind and accommodating--even stored my suitcase for me while I dined. I was seated right away at a cute window table. Once my water glass was filled the first time, they never let it get empty and brought out breads and butter for me. I started with the warm goat cheese tart. It was the perfect balance of textures and flavors. The pastry was crisp and the goat cheese was creamy and lush and thy were paired with a basil emulsion, olive tapenade, and tomatoes which were a nice bit of acid to break up the richness. Then I had the duck confit which was sinfully delicious. The skin was crisped to absolute, melt in your mouth perfection. Not a single bite was over salted or under seasoned. It was served with a few roasted potatoes and a bed of greens (arugula I think) lightly dressed in something slightly acidic which again balanced the richness perfectly. To top off the meal, I had the butterscotch mi cuit. It was served with butterscotch ice cream and an almond twill. The mi-cuit was perfect with the bit of salt on top to balance the sweetness. The ice cream was delicious, though It may have benefitted from a hint of salt as well. There was a deep  caramel sauce on the plate as well that helped balance the sweetness of the ice cream. Everything was so well balanced and the Service was fantastic!
Visited this place for the second time when I was in Montreal in August. I went for the first time in October after hearing marvelous things about the charcuterie (I was on a charcuterie kick at the time). My friend, Jason and I split the charcuterie plate with foie gras as well as a cheese plate (large portions--we had left overs). We both loved it! This time when I came, I got the charcuterie plate and a cronut (caramel). The charcuterie plate had changed a bit-- a couple items were replaced with new things. There was one "deli" style meat that I was now a fan of. Other than that I loved everything! There was a new ginger bread that they served with the foie grad that I was obsessed with. The combination was perfect! I also thoroughly enjoyed my cronut. They were a trend in the states for a bit, but sort of died out, so when I saw them on the menu, I knew I had to get one. It did not disappoint. The one negative thing I have to say is that the service did not seem to be super great/consistent. My service personally was fine, but there were people who came in after me and were made to wait before even being greeted by a hostess (they stood awkwardly in the doorway for 10 minutes with only 5-6 of the tables in the restaurant being occupied). The restaurant itself is cute and quaint and I'll definitely be back for my charcuterie next time I'm in town!
Pat does outstanding work, I would recommend her for any occassion.  I had purchased flowers last week Thursday and they look as beautiful as when I got them about a week ago.  Caring staff, great quality of flowers and they go above and beyond to make you happy.  Their wedding work is the BEST i;ve seen.  Great designers outstanding location.  Highly recommend for any floral need!  They make these floral cupcakes they are the cutest thing I've ever seen, I bought 3 of them and will be back for many, many more.  Thank you for all your hard work and dedication!!!
Great people, great atmosphere, had gel fill, pedicure, eye lash tinting, all excellent very, very happy with the business -- Tammy and her crew are outstanding super nice location and always there for you!  Love this location.
Love the food, the atmosphere overlooking the lake was breath taking, best food I had all week!  It is a must if you come to Lake Norman!
Great restaurant, food was outstanding, the atmosphere -- old cotton mill, is very unique, the staff is so friendly!  We had a GREAT time, pizza was the best!
Ordered the Albacore White Tuna with Pasta Salad, it was amazing and I would recommend it to anybody!
I thorougly enjoyed dinner last evening at Nostrano. I am already planning another trip to Madison and dinner in this restuarant. From the time that I walked in the door, and greeted by Lisa with a warm welcome, unitl the time I departed I felt the hospitality. The food was excellent! I enjoyed the Little Gem Salad (it was little, but dynamic and flavorful), the Grilled Sturgeon made me want to go back into the kitchen and slap somebody. (Where I'm from that means it was delicious.) Ha, ha, ha! Of course, I was not about to leave without trying a desert, since they are known for their deserts, so I toped my experience off with the Copetta: the fusion of the blackberries, butterscotch, basil and smoked hickeroy nuts blended with polento budino and and coconut gelato and all I could say was, Amen! Thanks, Lisa, et al for making my visit crave for more.
Visiting Phoenix and looking for a place for breakfast.  Looking up places nearby ant saw a couple of women and asked them where a good place for breakfast was.  The gave us directions that was a short block away.  We both enjoyed or meals with service, food, and friendliness of everyone outstanding.  The next day, we went out of our way to have breakfast there again and was not disappointed.
Wow, I see I wasn't alone!!!I realize now, seeing their website, what a joke they think this all is...  The "thank you" letters were from "Sandra D." "Jolie Matt" (Angelina & Damon), "Sue Chrysler" and "Columbus Edwards."  I think that is enough said.Don't trust your insurance company, especially Geico, in Nevada!!!
Scariest thing is that they've been closed down for health violations a couple of times.  Yeah, they keep their rating, but they still have to close to "clean up."  Breads they use aren't that great.  There's better out there.  Jersey Boys to name one.Rotten parking!
Had an oil change and tire rotation...  One of the tires was put on with two lugs missing.  I noticed it when returning to my work parking lot.  They had to replace some parts and I Was given three coupons for a free oil change by the manager.  I went in with the first coupon and that manager was fired and the new one wouldn't honor it.
Lady, claiming to be Japanese (spoke very little to me in Japanese) agreed to certain sexual acts (oral contact and nudity).  Amount was agreed to.   She started another act (worth less money) and was difficult (overreacting to my request for her to do what I paid for as if I was robbing her).  Stay away at all costs.
Send me a message and I will supply you with photographic evidence of who they laud as their membership and what those lauded members do as their profession.
Visited again - Bad again...  I don't know what to think...  Regular staff I tipped well (around 25%) treated me bad again.  Food isn't good enough to tolerate the service.  Sad, they're done in my book.
This was my first time ever visiting this location Christine at the front desk was extremely helpful, the whole staff was kind makes you feel welcome and answered all of my questions. I highly recommend this doctor!
Dr. Zac is very patient and extremely compassionate. He truly loves his profession!  I will definitely recommend him to others.
Pulled pork and brisket were amazing. Shared 1/2lb of each with toast and beans and coleslaw. It was plenty of food for two. You might need to wait a minute but it's well worth it.
We called for an immediate visit because our dog was bit by another dog. They were very sympathetic and said to come right away! Everyone was great from front desk staff, to vet assistant to vet. THANK YOU!
The fried fish tacos with lime. Only. Oh and the surf and turf burrito spicy. So good. Tried the pork taco and the chipotle chicken taco but the fish taco was bomb. I'd only order that taco next time. Guac was good but the chips weren't for me.
Amazing pork belly appetizer. Picked it up night before to have as part of my breakfast and it was still SO good. First time trying Grass Roots. Can't wait to go back to have dinner.
I was sad to hear there was no corned beef for a Reuben but It ended well because the BLTA or bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado was the bomb!! The  horchata latte was as good as it was pretty. Love this little place and the patio seating. I'll be going back for that Reuben!!
Literally worst restaurant experience of many of our 12 person groups' lives. This past Sunday on Labor day weekend 2016 at 830am. 12 ppl in our group. It took the cashier 20 mins just to ring us up. He was slow. So was the kitchen staff. It then took 40 minutes for them to finish our togo order. We tried different things. No one liked what they got from burnt eggs, everything was dry and bland sauces we weak. basically just mayo...from various sandwiches to French toast to biscuits and gravy to omlettes. the sandwiches were dry and bland. They were out of white bread on Sunday morning?? A staple item on their menu??? A couple people got smoothies and that was the only thing anyone said was decent most likely because the chef was a blender.
Why is it that customer service is dead in the fast food industry yet they want $15 an hour for something you should get $7 paramedics get $15.  I go into this store and ask for a family meal and request 4 wings with my 10 piece leg and thigh meal.  The cashier can't punch in the order due to lack of training and the manager tells me he can only do 2 wings.  Now they are for my mom and she only likes wings so I push for 4 and end up with 3.  I thought it was a managers job to solve the problem not negotiate a less than desirable solution.  Didn't offer anything to make up for it not even a soda.
Our server Gilbert was fantastic! If I ever go back to the buffet I would ask for him each time; however, the quality of the food was very disappointing. I was so pumped to go here and left feeling irritated at the price I paid. The prime rib was gray and dry, the crab legs cold and over-cooked. The BBQ chicken had an overwhelming taste of liquid smoke, and the fish lacked seasoning. My salad was ok. My desserts were yummy. My bottomless drinks were always filled. Thank goodness they have some of the best customer service around because it helped my celebration dinner not be a total let-down.
Great food, great atmosphere, & great employees!!! Highly recommend to all! They take orders online for quick & easy pickup.
Jus got my first spray tan ever and I'm obsessed!!!!! So ready for Coachella now! Shauna was amazing and my tan looks flawless! Mobile spray is the way to go :D
Very misleading title! Change it! Not a tapas bar, just because you write the word "tapas" on a menu doesnt mean its tapas ---IN NO WORLD IS AN ORDER OF ONION RINGS OR FRENCH FRIES "TAPAS"! This is a good place for a beer. Great stout. Food looks blah but didnt even try so not writing bad about it. At your own risk on that.
This hotel gets one star because i'm forced to put a star the hotel is whatever, you obviously know what you're getting yourself into by staying here. the room is decent, beware of the horribel stench the bathroom has. the housekeeping lady is absolutely a sweetheart -- so can't complain there. The wifi will not work, even though you call 5 times for them to come and fix it and they promise they will but it won't. i dont care for wifi but since i had my teenager sister with me who can't gamble, you can see why the wifi was important. but here it comes: the check in lady failed to tell me my card was going to get charged $238! i am so angry, i could drive the 300 miles to go and speak to a manager in person and tell them to hire better staff. So, i got my room through groupon, i made the mistake of not booking two nights, i get that. i was under the impression that i did book two nights so when i first checked in i asked if this was true, i was told IT WAS-- check in lady: "you are booked for two rooms THROUGH groupon" when i checked out, same situation: Check in lady:  "you will only be charged the $39 hotel fee, but your 2 nights were charged through groupon" i said-- " are you sure, only $39 will get charged" --- check in lady: "yes of course here is your receipt" so you can imagine my surprise when i went to check my account and i have a wopping $238 charge from them! just got off the phone with the manager and of course there is nothing they can do. if i knew i was going to pay that amount, i would have stayed at a much better hotel. i can't describe the anger i feel because i was told nothing but $39 would get charged on my card. i work in customer service so when employees doesn't advise me of what's going on, i am left speechless- because i do a great job at telling customers everything that is going on with THEIR BANK ACCOUNT! how dare you lie to my face and tell me one thing, this is my money. so, no i will never stay here again. advice for Riviera: hire better staff who is not going to lie to their customers to their face.
This place could have 5 star rating from me, the only reason it doesn't its because of some disgruntle employees that unfortunately still work there. Anyways, the food its great, and if you don't get to order the fried pickles or the sweet potatoes chips or the pimp'n fries you are not  fully enjoying the place. On a side note, they have 2 locations. Their location in Uptown(Downtown) its usually crowded and maybe that is why some of the staff is less friendly. But good news!, their second location with the same food and better service, plus is less crowded. Is just a bit off north (i77 exit 23). Go there and enjoy it.
This place has a great location, 27th Floor in one of the tallest buildings in Uptown Charlotte. So it gives a great view around the city that combine with the atmosphere is just perfect for a romantic date. Now I only went there for some drinks, but decided to order some appetizers. We ordered the Oysters and the Calamari and it was delicious. The service was great, there was a few events, so there was a lot of people. But they manage to keep everyone with drinks and food with no delays. That is always a plus. So if you are planing to have a great date night!, bring your date here. Its worth it!.
Recently I have not been in a lot of seafood restaurants in Charlotte,NC and it wouldn't be fare to compare them to the ones in Charleston SC. With that said my experience at rocksalt was amazing, The food was just amazing, combination of simplicity and loads of flavor. Order the Roasted oysters bienville, ceviche as an appetizer, I still drool just thinking about them. For the main dish we ordered the black bass and the pink snapper with smoked grits, collards with pork belly and brussel sprouts on general tso sauce. While it was delicious, I couldn't help to think about the whole fish that was served to neighboring table; which I'll probably try soon. But we didn't end there, since we also got the "Dirty" Chocolate Pudding. Now I can think of chocolate or pudding in any other way. It was amazing. Recommendation if you go on a Sunday, try to do it on a sunny day sit on the outside patio and just enjoy the great food this place has to offer.
Happy!, what makes you happy?. I have to say every time I come to this place I instantly get happy. Why?. Well the food is great and very authenticate. The have taken the time to find out the ingredients that work. And I made a rule not to judge the service but only the food, but in this place you will always get both in a quality like no other. Now, is a small place and it can get crowded and it will as more people find out how great this place is.The food, I have tried all appetizers, theirs buns and just a few of the ramen. In the few months they been open I have made this place my once a week visit. And I usually order the pork belly buns and brussels sprouts and my favorite Tonkotsu ramen. When I am done, I leave this place with a huge smile. The one bad thing I can say about this place is that is just a small location, but other than that you WILL DEFINITIVELY enjoy their food.
I have mix feelings about Basil Thai, I really have enjoyed most of the food I have tried, BUT!, it has been like a 50/50 chance of both food and service. Most recent I went last week(07/31/2014) the service was horrible and the food was a bit cold, and I can give them the benefit of the doubt because it was very crowded. About a month ago, the services was mediocre but the food was excellent. Then a few months back both the food and service were great. So if you go probably will get both good food and service, but be aware that experience will definitively vary.
When I first move to Charlotte my roommates took me here, They ordered a Tanaka Tower and I ordered a few rolls. Since then I have always been a fan of this place, I am a regular and I enjoy pretty much every sushi roll they have there. Unfortunately I can't say anything about the hibachi since I have never tried it. The rolls are to good to avoid. As for the staff I can't complain they are awesome, plus they give a family vibe which makes this small corner restaurant feel very welcoming! and warm.
After listening a coworker brag about this place for a long time... And the truth is; I TRULY LOVED THIS PLACE!. Ordered a Ribs platter that included Hush puppies and  baked beans. It was a LOT of food!, and at a decent price too. Loved the service and even the place being crowded on a Saturday afternoon it was darn quick!. I don't know if I was just lucky but I am glad that it didn't took long before I looked like a caveman with BBQ sauce all over my face and fingers enjoying what could have been the BEST RIBS EVER!(so far).
UGH!, I don't even know where to start. But I came for lunch around 11:45a and why, there was a nice welcome... well that was the end of it!. We sat down pretty quickly but it wasn't until around 12:10-12:15 when we finally got our drinks and finally placed our orders, in the end after having 3 waiters and having to stand up countless of time to ask about our food (chicken wings, Sandwich and a turkey wrap ), we finally received out food. Which included COLD! fries and under-cooked chicken wings. Needless to say I was completely disappointed with the experience, but I will DEFINITIVELY NOT return to this place.
I will start by saying I am glad I live far from this place!, 2 reason: I will be over-weight and have diabetes(Not to offend anyone). But this place is FABULOUS!.Every time I try a different pastry but I ALWAYS get and assorted order of French Macaroons. Their cold drinks are very refreshing and Bistro menu is great and tasty. The negative... space. Because is a very popular place it will usually be crowded. To add to the space problem there is a bunch of unusual item (night stands, mannequins) that don't really add decor but take up space. So the place feels a bit claustrophobic and restraint, well don't let that ruin the experience to enjoy what could be THE best pastries in town.
Been here twice for lunch and its pretty decent. The first time I was expecting just another fast food joint and while it does have that type of vibe/service I was surprise by how good the food was. Yes, you build you meal like a subway, in which you choose what you want in your pita-sub and you can add chips and a drink. But the combinations are pretty good. Plus the have sauces and other ingredients that or places might not have; like Hummus and tsakiti sauce. So if you want something "Healthy"(depends on what you order) and quick, this is a great choice.
My first thought of this place was... another fast food joint. And that is what it is, fast food joint; but its very different and they actually have great burger combinations (both chicken or beef) and their fries and amazing!, specially because they have sweet potato fries!. Their shake are pretty sweet!, but at least for me still dairy queen has the best shakes. As for the service I like that they are very quick at it, even on crowded days.
I cannot believe its taken me this long to write a review, mainly because I'm insanely addicted to G.R. and his shows, but apparently not that addicted because I've only given this restaurant 4 stars. So, the run down... We were on a two week road trip and one of my stop choices was Las Vegas because I wanted to eat at Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I've always been so jealous watching Hells Kitchen seeing everyone get to try his food, so I had to put a stop to it! We didn't make reservations, well, we tried but apparently calling a day in advance didn't give enough lead time to not be booked, haha, I should've known. We did find out that there is a lounge area that is first come first serve, so we showed up there and prayed we'd get a seat and we did! We didn't have to wait very long either. Our waitress was awesome, attentive, and didn't mind joking back and forth with me about G.R. and agreeing to slipping him my number next time he's in town. I ordered 3 cocktails, all were good, but the best was the HK Antioxidant, it was really good. Ordered the Foie Gras and it was probably the best part of the entire meal. I ordered the Beef Wellington of course, I have been wanting to try it for forever and in part might be why I was slightly disappointed. It wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be, that in itself isn't that big of a deal, but the pastry wasn't cooked thoroughly, so it was kind of mushy and gross, I was looking forward to the flaky pastry along side the tender meat, but it kind of made me feel sick, still I feel like had it been cooked properly it would have been awesome and I'm not one to complain. My brother and his girlfriend chose the chicken and it wasn't until after the fact that they told me the chicken was really dry. They didn't want to ruin my night, but that upset me because we all know how Gordon feels about dry chicken! I would have said something, but I didn't know. They also got the asparagus soup and we enjoyed the presentation and they really enjoyed the flavor. Then we ordered dessert, this was back in September of last year (2012) so I'm not positive of the names, but it was the sticky toffee one, this was a risk because I'm not a fan of toffee- so let me just say, it was THAT good... Amazing! Our bill with tip came to around $250, which I think was worth it for the experience and would go back again if given the chance, I feel like it was probably just an off night. However I did not slip the waitress my number to give to Ramsay as I'm looking for a stellar chef... Maybe I should try going after Graham next :P.
Welp. As someone who has worked in customer service for years and now works with the public I know how customer service should be and how it shouldn't be .I have never been so disrespected by a cashier in my life. As I brought up a concern he looked me straight in the eye and said have a good day with a grin on his face and tried to push us along. He completely disregarded what I said and then began to argue with me... Hopefully he won't be at that gas station very long as one bad employee can really ruin it for the rest of the staff.  So to the cashier that worked 7/31/2016 at 10:30 this one is for you;)
I have to say this place is far more worse than other buffets, crab's legs are salty, bbq are not juicy at all. Oysters are in fresh. Not recommended
the best and most unique place to go out in cleveland. it is for sure your weekend destination. where else can you drink by poolside during the day and then party like your in vegas at night. if only this place could be open year round! excellent bartenders and the bottle service girls always provide phenomenal service.
If I could give them less than a star I would. Food wasn't as good as usual and the rudest wait staff ever. Might never come back
one of the worst pedicures i've ever had. my polish is goopy and messy. my callouses weren't buffed down. the lady didn't even bother to remove all of my polish. she also started trimming her own hang nail while in the middle of doing my nails with the same cuticle clippers which had me questioning the sanitary quality of all the tools that were used on me. like i am beyond appalled that they let me leave with the service they gave me. i could've done my nails better myself heck it looks like a toddler painted them. certainly not worth the 35 dollars. i will not be back. would've given zero stars if possible.
Okay so let me start of by saying that I am a melt addict, & I don't plan on getting help anytime soon. It's that good. The atmosphere is so cool & eclectic. The wait may be insane if you go during normal dinner or lunch hours but it is so worth it. Also you can avoid the wait by watching the side bar areas & grabbing a seat their when they become available. I've had an hour plus wait & then waited for a seat at the side bar, which was about a ten minute wait. I live in chagrin falls & will drive over to Cleveland heights whenever possible to grab a sandwich. & I am always bringing friends who have never been there. Melt is the best thing ever, hands down.
Love this place. love the speakeasy vibe of the donut and coffee shop front. which is fully functional by the way so you gotta try the donuts when you come. the vibe of the inside is beyond anything you've seen in cleveland previously. once you step through the freezer door you are mesmerized by the multiple intricate murals on the wall. the service is great at both the bar and the vip tables but at the end of the day when this place is packed you're gonna have to wait a minute for a drink (that's life and not something to leave a bad review over). over all it's a super welcoming place. once you introduce yourself to the staff and make that connection the place feels like it's only little community. it's a great place to meet people and overall it's a special place and a true gem of cleveland!
My fiancee and I walked in to Namaste almost on a whim- we were hungry and craving Indian food! From the minute we walked in, we were immediately hit with a very strong smell of spices. We started off by ordering the Gobi 65, which was delicious! I ordered the Vegetable Curry, with garlic naan. My fiancee ordered the palaak paneer. Both dishes were delicious and very filling- we went home with a little bit of both. The vegetable curry was a little spicier than I typically like, but still very delicious. My fiancee said that the palaak paneer wasn't as spicy as she would like, but it still tasted good. I also ordered a Sprite, which was very syrupy and not very carbonated.  The bathrooms were well maintained and clean. All of the staff was friendly. Overall, it was a fantastic meal and I would definitely go back again.
Came here the other day with my best friend. The coffee selection was smaller than I'm used to at other places, but it tasted excellent. I got a mocha, and he got the chai tea latte. I didn't get to try his, but he told me that it was good. Parking is a little interesting if you're not used to the area, but the back lot is fairly big. The atmosphere of the place is fantastic, very chill. The picnic tables in the back provide a nice little secluded area to talk in private. I imagine it would be a good place for people who are into gaming to hang out.
Luna is amazing. I love going there. The price is kinda high, but the quality of food you get is spectacular. I definitely recommend getting a slice of Luna Cake. It's layers of chocolate cake, chocolate mousse and chocolate icing, with little raspberry jam bombs. I got an iced mocha, which tasted amazing, to go with my Luna Cake. My girlfriend got a delicious iced chai and a Mushroom Crepe with Spinach and Feta. Their lines can be kinda long, but they tend to move quickly, so if you walk in to a long line, don't fret!
Went there tonight with shortness of breath and a couple of other problems. Parked in a parking garage, not knowing that they close the garages super early  the weekends. We were there for close to 5 hours, which is fine, I understand, it's the weekend. Took us 4 times, and talking to 3 people (all of whom were beyond condescending to us) to get our car from the parking garage. Nurses and doctors were great though, very respectful of both of us. Social worker was also wonderful. But man, do they need to teach the people working up front some manners!!
I love the employees, products, and self-wash. I definitely recommend shopping here, especially for the CBD products. Using the self-wash is so easy with their shower hoses that automatically add shampoo with the flip of a switch (don't forget to splurge on the hot oil treatment-so worth the $5). BUT...I decided to try the grooming services here on 10/26, and ended up disappointed. I paid $55 for a full wash and left a nice tip. I normally get her groomed elsewhere but I prefer to give my money to local businesses so I decided to give Barking Dogs a shot, even though they were significantly more expensive than my other place. She looked totally adorable with her bandana when I got her back, but I should have given her a closer once-over before we left. When we got home I noticed that her nails had been trimmed as promised, but it looked like it was rushed because they weren't smooth like they normally are after a Dremel trim (I've gotten her nails trimmed here in the past) and I ended up getting scratched from the unfinished ends of her nails. Plus it looked ugly.I also made sure to tell the groomer that she is prone to dry skin so to please take that into consideration when grooming her. My dog has been nonstop scratching herself since I got her back, and she was shedding like crazy from day 1 as though she wasn't brushed out properly. Being that it was my first time getting her groomed here, I asked what the service included, and I wasn't given any additional options or add-ons so if brushing her out or using something like a furminator was extra, I wasn't told that. I feel awful for my dog since she's constantly itching, but i can't give her another bath and an oil treatment until later this month because it would dry her skin out even more. I will say though that she smelled wonderful after her bath. But I definitely won't be coming back for their grooming services. Only for their self wash and CBD products.
I love this place. Authentic Dim Sum, great service, clean, and Elaine always makes sure her regulars are taken care of . So ask for Elaine and tell her Nikki sent you!
I used to take my beautiful Flame Point Siamese cat here until I had to put him down in January 2015. I was always impressed with the service and everything they did for us up until his last moments. So of course when I  rescued a very beautiful, but very skittish German Shepherd named Skyrah, I got her in for a checkup with Dr. Haggard (same day appointment by the way because WFAH is fantastic) and the Dr. was very patient with me, answering all of my questions and giving Skyrah a thorough exam. When they got the results from her fecal exam, I got a call saying I needed to come back and pick up more medication to treat her Giardia. As soon as I walked in to get the medication, Liz at the front desk greeted me and knew exactly what I was there for. She knew us by name after only seeing us one time (two days had passed by at this point). I was freaking out about Skyrah's diagnosis (because I was having a hard time dispensing the meds to her) and Liz took the time to go over different ways to get her to take her medication. She also gave me a lot of info on how to prevent the spread of the Giardia to anyone else at home. When I walked out of there I felt at ease. And sure enough, her advice worked! Now I can't get Skyrah to stop eating! I came in last night for a follow up, and again, Liz greeted us. She remembered that Skyrah is skittish and went the extra mile to interact with her, determined to gain her trust. Skyrah licked her hand, which is a great start, since she has only warmed up to me so far. Not only do the doctors and employees here at WFAH rock, but they take the time to get to know you and truly care about your pet. If you're looking for a vet hospital that you can trust, who goes above and beyond to get you in ASAP and take care of your fur baby, this is the place to go! Thanks folks!
This place is great! I'm new to Vegas, so I found Rebel through Yelp. Given the amount of stars and the great reviews, I decided to give them a shot. It's a 20 minute drive to Henderson for me, but it's totally worth it since I want the best for my car. I scheduled an appointment through their website on Sunday, and by Monday morning I had an appointment confirmation for Tuesday afternoon. When I arrived on Tuesday, I was greeted right away and had my car sent off for its oil change within 5 minutes. I was directed to the arcade room, where I spent the next 50 minutes reminiscing about my childhood until I was called back downstairs. They did a great job, used synthetic oil, did a 21 pt inspection, and gave me a discount for mentioning Yelp! The price I paid was very reasonable considering it was a synthetic oil change and an inspection was included. I also liked that I wasn't pressured into purchasing or doing anything else to my car when it was time to pay. I will definitely be coming back here for my next oil change or any other auto needs.
This was my first time to Sweet Frog. The shop was very colorful and spotless. At first I was daunted by all the yogurt machines and flavors. Fortunately they were not crowded and I was able to take my time and sample different flavors.  Then we had all the topping choices, wow.  My wife and I really enjoyed our first visit and plan to return.
Francesca is amazing! She listens to my crazy Pinterest thoughts and pulls out magic every time! Would never go anywhere else!!
I am happy to recommend Nancy Gabriel for her mediation and interpersonal skills. She is experienced at communication and finding a solution to which all can agree. Talk with Nancy and see if she is a good fit to help for divorce, difficult family decisions, and business disagreements.
I always order the Sunrise with a cheddar bagel, egg, bacon and jalapeno cream cheese.  So good!!!!
Horrible!!!!!!  My husband had a crown done there and they wouldn't file my insurance, even though we had dual coverage.  I ended up filing the claim myself.  Both insurances paid and left me with a 0 balance, yet they still kept billing me and threatening me with collections. They never posted a payment to my account.  I emailed them the EOB from both insurances and when I called the manager, Liz, she told me she hasn't received anything.  I am reporting them to the insurance commissioner.  The place is disgusting and filthy.  The bathrooms are always closed due to plumbing problems.  Ugh!!!!
WIFI will not work in rooms, only at pool and registration area.  Front desk staff get rude with you when you ask about it.  Their solution to the problem is realtor he router which does nothing.  Shady people in motel and outside, do not feel safe.  Rooms are very low grade compared to other "cheap" motels I have stayed in.  Will never ever stay here again.  Motel 6 is a palace compared to this place.
They were very professional and did an excellent job moving my treadmill. They were very affordable also.
Paige was great and very attentive.  My wife and I have been going to KOs for wings for the last 8 years. The rest of the menu is great too. Give them a shot. You will have a good time.
This place would not match price with another Ace store. Save money and shop at other Ace hardware stores where prices are a lot lower. In my case the item was on sale at 30% of the price here. That's 70% lower!  Worth the gas to drive out of my town. I will not shop here again.
I've wanted to see Bodies for a few years, and finally had an opportunity to visit Vegas on a business trip (free trip, yay!)I didn't really pay much attention in Biology class while in school, and my exposure to the medical field is watching surgery shows on TLC.  That being said, I thought that, overall, this was a very fascinating exhibit.  I know people are squeamish about the 'baby' room (and truthfully, the older fetuses bothered me a bit, too) but it was very cool to see development from a mass of cells to an actual baby.  All of the various organs and what can happens...super interesting.   However, to throw some reality of an average non-medical person in the mix...it's been over a week and I still can't eat bacon, look at raw meat, or even think about eating meat on the bone.  At one point during the walk through, all I could think was, "sweet baby Jesus, what kind of person said to themselves, 'hey, let's skin a person and put their skin on display in a jaunty pose'?"I know I'm in the minority with that opinion on here, and I am A-OK with that!  And all that being said, I am very glad that I went to see it...but you couldn't pay me to go back.
Food is superior and well prepared. Mostly traditional Italian dishes. The special are superb. Atmosphere is dimly lit and romantic, but still maintains a "vibey" and lively air. It's a great place to take a date or a significant other.. The staff are friendly, knowledgeable and go out of their way to ensure a perfect dinning experience. The wine list is complete, but can be expensive. (At least you have the option, if you want to go to town and order a high end Barolo or Amerone to go with your Fillet on the bone). Expect to pay typical top downtown prices, but at least you will not be disappointed with the experience. The location is on Avenue Rd. in northern Yorkville, so it is convenient if you want to head to a bar or a patio for an after dinner drink or coffee - or just a walk. Parking can be a challenge.
Some of the best northern (mostly) Indian food in Toronto. Inside atmosphere is elegant, but doesn't try to compete with the nouveau decor of the latest crop of top restaurants downtown. The patio is basic, but provides a great alternative for dinning outdoors on warm nights. Portions are generous, so if you want to taste many different dishes, best to go with a larger group, or be prepared for leftovers. The menu has all of the more known dishes, so you will likely find your favorites. The service is professional and courteous. The staff is knowledgeable about the various options and can help guide you, if you are unfamiliar with Indian food. Has a full bar with a well considered wine list that can withstand typical Indian spices. Not expensive, but also not bargain basement. You will feel the dinner is appropriately priced.. Located in Leaside on the Bayview strip which is filled with patios, so there are after dinner alternatives like gelato for desert or a drink at a local watering hole.
Varied, imaginative menu. Adequate wine list. Food on part with what you'd expect from a top restaurant. Didn't distinguish itself. Ambiance was stuffy. Views of skyline were nice, but only really enjoyable from select window-side tables. Service was top notch, world class. Portions were appropriate. Meal was overpriced. Wine list was fairly priced. Worth a go. Not my favorite.
Kept lawn mower for a year! Didn't fix it, claiming it would be too expensive to fix or replace the motor. Kept the $40 deposit without justifying or doing any work. Crook.
Cheap and cheerful, diner-style breakfast/brunch (also lunch) restaurant. Food is good, service is great. Real Yonge and Eg neighborhood spot. Can get line-ups out the door on weekends for brunch.
Really good food. I love the everyday special bowl. Awesome Chicken teriyaki and rice. Good prices. Great customer service. Highly recommend.
I have been a huge fan of Timmie's since moving into the area.  Paul goes out of his way to be helpful, and if I need something that isn't a part of their impressive regular stock he will find a way to try and order it in for me.  You can tell that the entire Timmie's staff really value their customers and it shows in the level of care and service you receive.
Just saw Kimberly for an introductory massage. The value for the money is unbeatable! She is AMAZING and the pressure is perfect! I will be a repeat customer.
I come here every 2-3 weeks for eyebrow threading. They always do a FANTASTIC job and even corrected a botched threading from a place I went to on vacation. It's a great atmosphere and an excellent place for knick knacks! Will have to try the henna soon.
I came here for a massage after midterms. The service was mediocre at best and I left fairly unhappy with the results. The massage therapist did not target the areas I asked and used her arm more than her hands (was supposed to be a deep tissue). Very disappointed and will likely not return.
Thus far, our experience with Glen Eagles has been overwhelmingly positive. If you would have told me we could get a 3 story, attached garage, 1 1/2 bath, 1 bedroom + loft, with brand new upgrades in Scottsdale, across the street from sporting fields, AND in our price range, I would have called you a liar. But Glen Eagles is all that and more! We have put an apartment on hold and will be moving in come June. At the moment, the most I can post about with confidence is the leasing staff. They were excellent. Chuck, Maggie, and Kelsey were all stellar. If this is a clue of what is to come, we can't wait to call this home. We are so stoked we are even breaking our lease early to get our ideal living situation. More updates to come once we move in. :)
I came to Glamour Nail Bar after reading the reviews. They aren't in my normal area but are worth the drive to come back. Reasonably priced and EXCEPTIONAL service. Sunny and Jessica did a great job with an SNS manucure and deluxe pedicure. They were kind, patient, and professional. I am so glad I came here before my friend's big day tomorrow! They even offer group rates for parties and such (wish I would have known for the bridesmaids). Very pleased! Only downside was my color (483) came out much darker than the sample. Wasn't a deal breaker but would have been nice to know.
I am so sad to say this as a long time customer of EWC. But the Brazilian I received this morning at this location was beyond awkward and rough. I am a regular customer (every 6-8 weeks), have been waxed by EWC for years and have referred several friends. I was placed with Blake who took a total of 8 rough minutes to lecture me, hard push products, and tell me it wouldn't be her fault if hair was left because my hair "isn't used to her style." I've been a training model for EWC and know they train the same style - this wasn't it and her pulls were rough, inconsistent, and left wax ON me. Overall I'd recommend EWC but I put a note in my file to never have Blake again. I mentioned these issues to the front desk and the woman shrugged her shoulders. Poor customer service. Will be sticking to the Scottsdale locations from now on.
The staff at NCAH have been phenomenal. I needed a low cost but reliable solution to update my FELV+ cat's rabies shot. The phone etiquette was professional and easy and the treatment was quick with no negative reactions. They even followed up with a phone call to make sure all was well! Very pleased!
Impossible to find, no one answers the phones, and INCREDIBLY rude. Bought a mani pedi package off groupon, tried to call several times with to check availability, and eventually ventured out to find the salon. Walked in with a friend and were "greeted" by two of rudest humans who looked us up and down and said "what do you want?" Really? Well, we wanted your business but I think we'll go elsewhere. No idea about the quality of their work but I'd rather lose the money I paid for the groupon than face these extremely rude and uppity staff. If you value customer service, this would be my last choice. I never knew a 1 minute human interaction could be so unpleasant. What a disappointment.
Cave Creek finally has it's own CrossFit box! This is a brand-new, state-of-the-art facility with the MOST dedicated coaches. I was new to the CrossFit ideology but both Santana and Aaron went above and beyond to accommodate my needs. They're just the right blend of motivational and educational, and after just a few short weeks, I've seen major improvements in my body. Doesn't get much better than this. Do yourself (and your body) a favor and check them out!
Bombay Spice is the first Indian restaurant I have enjoyed eating at. My issue with most, is that the food is very heavy and greasy. Bombay's food is light, filling, and taste AMAZING!! While I too preferred the old restaurant and menu, I don't mind their new spin. Having Celiac's Disease, it is NOT easy to find an inexpensive quick place to grab a bite. I have eaten here many times in the three years I've lived in Phoenix and never once have I gotten sick. The staff is amazing in making sure that clean utensils and gloves are used to avoid cross contamination. Also, there are many options available. Its not a place where if you'r a vegan or celiac you can only have one thing. If you've never been, now it the time! Enjoy.
I LOVE Kosmo's!! Not only is the staff some of the nicest and friendliest people, but they are super helpful. I have a Great Dane who does NOT like baths or getting his nails trimmed. When I come to use their tubs, there is always someone willing to help me get the giant baby into the one. One time the girl even crawled in and coaxed him up with treats. As far as the nail trimmings, this is one of the few places where Brody doesn't fuss too much and they let me bring him back and hold him while they do it. Also, before I went to feeding my big guy raw -- I was buying giant bags of food twice a month. The staff always brought it to my car for me without me even having to ask. (I'm not feeble at all, but trying to carry a 30lb bag and maneuver a Dane is NOT easy.)The owners and staff are super generous too. I volunteer for a rescue and when I approached them about a possible in-kind donation, not only were they happy to give -- but they exceeded my expectations. Such generous souls. I tell all my friends to go!
I adopted a 1yr old Great Dane about two months ago.  He's a big dog that has had little to no training, so I was apprehensive about having someone besides me walk him.  However, those fears were gone after one walk with Heather and Lucky Me.  Not only was Heather able to walk and take him to the dog park without incident, but she even cleaned up his mess.  (I would have never known he had one if she didn't tell me.  He got excited and had a small accident on the floor when she let him out of his crate.). I also appreciated the text and email updates on how everything was going.  The hardest part of Heather's job was probably dealing with my over protectiveness, but she handled that great too.
LOVE Chompie's!!! Probably one of my favorite places in Scottsdale for casual eating.  My friend and I go every Saturday mornings after hiking with the dogs. Obviously since we bring the pups we sit outside. I have to say, I am shocked at reading about the terrible service. In the three years I have gone here at least once a week, we have never had terrible service. There is one waiter who I don't think likes serving the patio people (or maybe it's just us dog people) but everyone else is amazing. We're barely there for 5 min and they are out with water bowls for the dogs, coffee for me, and a diet coke for my friend. On to the food. It's thanks to Man vs Food, and my mom, that I found Chompie's. She had seen the episode and since I was moving to Phoenix, she wanted to try. Now every time she visits we have to go at least twice. She has gotten everything from french toast to reubens to chicken and waffles --  and she's loved it all. Her favorites are the sandwiches because they are enough food for 1-2 more meals!! Having celiac's disease, I have to go with what's on the GF menu, but I still love it. My go-to is the GD Bagel w/lox platter. It is so yummy and filling. The rare times I don't get that, I will get the reuben or GF waffles. The pups always get their plate of bacon.Chompie's is now carrying a variety of GF deserts and pastries, which I love!! My non-gf friend and I will occasionally split a chocolate and peanut butter brownie. I'm lucky I have the dog or I would go in before I left and buy more for home.Well that it is. We'll be at Chompie's with the danes tomorrow for our post hike brunch like we are every weekend!
This was the most refreshing experience I have ever had at a Salon.... From walking in into getting into the chair... The local business advertising was also a plus. You can purchase items at this location from scented candles to different beauty products to Amazon Fire sticks. If you want a salon that you can get your hair done, get a hair cut, you can also get your nails done, microblading, makeup and wax. This place is most def a one stop shop...  You can also get FREE FREE FREE REFRESHMENTS!!! What's free now days!!!
Love coming here!! I go about 4-5 times a week and always have a great experience. The trainer's are all great. They push you to when you need it and compliment when you deserve it. "T" is awesome, she always seems to be in a great mood and has the best abs workout. "Q" has very intense sessions; his workouts are not routine like some of the other trainers. He pushes you to the max, but it's well worth it! Antonio's sessions are routine, but he works really well with others. "CJ" only works Thursdays (wish he was there more often!) His sessions are also intense. If you are new, you probably won't be able to walk for a few days lol.  I've been coming routinely for about 2 months now and can't get enough! I definitely recommend this place. There are multiple classes per day, so no matter what your schedule is there is always a class you can take. There's only two classes on Sat and Sunday; I do wish there were a few more offered. Overall, I am highly satisfied.
I have met Shane Nguyen over 11 years ago. He diligently helped me purchase my very first home in Las Vegas with a builder in 2004. Ever since then, Shane has helped my husband and our families purchase 3 more homes and helped sell one of our old houses too, which means he has helped us with 5 total transactions throughout the years. I can't begin to tell you how knowledgeable, caring, sincere, and hard working Shane is. Without his expert advice, we would be somewhat lost. Shane has a very good way of handling his transactions smoothly and helping his clients feel at ease with the home buying and home selling process.I would definitely continue to hire Shane as my Agent/broker to handle all of my real estate transactions and continue to refer my family and friends. He's simply the best and most experienced in town. I wouldn't trust anyone else more than him!
I am extremely pleased with the quality and taste of the food and the very inviting, exceptional service! This place is very close to home and I'm so glad that I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown to get some good pho. As a matter of fact, I think it actually tastes better than the dirty restaurants in Chinatown. This place is new, modern, and .... Clean !!!... and most importantly, the food is good! Came here with my husband and a friend. Two of us had the special pho (with everything in it), bun bo hue and a grilled pork sandwich. The sandwich was especially good and the two soups tasted great too. The broth was done perfectly. The owner even made me a special vinegar onion, but he made it with limes. How sweet of him to show such hospitality on my first visit! Definitely will be coming back and telling all my friends about this place to support them!
We were visiting Vegas from out of town for the weekend and Yelp reviews point us to Namaste! This place is great! The food, service and owner/singer are absolutely fabulous! The owner and staff are happy to recommend items on the menu for those that aren't so familiar with Indian food. All recommendations were DELICIOUS! Every time we are in town, we will dine at Namaste!
My brother & sister in law just had their ceremony and reception at Victoria's! These people are the BEST! We came in from Los Angeles to have the wedding at Victoria's so that we wouldn't have to hassle with all the details & Victoria's did not disappoint!It was an 11 a.m. ceremony with a 4 hour reception and it was the perfect amount of time for chapel, picture taking and partying! Let me just say that we were not the most organized group and one of our members in our wedding party was 30 minutes late to arrive at the chapel. That didn't sweat the staff at Victoria's, they handled all requests and our delays with a smile. They provided our shaking bride with champagne and our groom got a shot to take the edge off before they walked down the aisle. We requested a Spanish speaking minister and he performed a beautiful ceremony!The reception was wonderfully hosted by wait staff and the MC/DJ was great! The DJ played a great mix of music for our latino guests and kept the guests entertained the whole afternoon!We toured many chapels in Las Vegas & we feel that we choose the BEST one in Vegas!
The the trip and pulled pork were amazing ! The staff was incredible.  I will be back next Sat for a sando and a cold brew !
I loved the atmosphere of this restaurant! It was low-key but was a very fun place to dine. We went at night for later dinner, but I see that they have a good HH and a nice patio. Great service and food. My personal favorite was the banana stuffed churro. To die for!!! This was a great find on Yelp, since I am not from here and not too familiar with the area!
I came here in a larger group for a birthday dinner and a positively amazing experience. We opted for a tasting course menu, where we able to taste several different plates. The staff was very attentive and the service was quick! My personal favorite item on the menu was the stuffed dates, delicious!! Everyone in my group loved our dinner experience and would recommend it to anyone! I hope to go back to Vegas soon and eat there again!
This was a great, random find on Yelp! I was in town for work, so I am not familiar with the area. The name caught my eye, and the menu and review had me sold. The restaurant atmosphere was trendy and had a good vibe. The drinks were great. The food was awesome. We ordered several items, all were excellent, but the personal favorites were the fried dilly beans and the canned biscuit donut with sea salt caramel glaze. Out of this world! The service was excellent, our server Kyle was awesome and provided good recommendations. This was a great find in Phoenix.
You can't really make a review based on fashion because everyone has different taste, on that note...  I base my review on price but most of all on SERVICE!!! The Sales associate that helped us "Kim Hill" is  a gem and a asset to the company. Kim is real knowledgeable about the product she sales. What makes her stand out is her friendly personality, her attentiveness and her  attention to detail.
I've been to this restaurant a couple of times, and honestly I had the best pasta I've ever had in my life. It was so delicious. And the vibe of the place was extremely formal and classy. It was overall perfect.Also, the noise level is very minimal so that's also great. Tables are rather far apart so it doesn't feel like you're sitting with someone else as well. The food the service, everything was great!
So I usually used to come in for blow drys and I loved it! They were great! But a problem happened when I tried to get my roots redone. I booked with a senior stylist so like the most experience. Anyways, she was lovely and I'm sure very talented but my roots ended up very close to red-brown. After adding toner it was a bit more calm but after a few washes it seriously came back red. And I obviously want hair that fades into an ice colour but it ended up staying extremely reddish. The haircut service is also amazing though by the way... maybe don't just get your roots redone or some
Okay so being honest here, I heard amazing reviews of this place and I was super excited to try it. We arrived at 3 and were told we could sit at the bar until we could be seated and we were also told the kitchen would open at 4. Mind you my friend and I were starving, so we waited patiently at the bar and had the white sangria (lychee one)  which was so delicious I had to have two. Fast forward to being seated at 3:45, we were eagerly awaiting being ready to order. We were reassured several times that we would be able to order at 4, until 4 o'clock came around and they decided to close the kitchen due to very very light drizzle in the weather. I was so frustrated because not only had we been sitting there for An hour waiting for the kitchen to open, we were reassured SEVERAL times that the kitchen would DEFINITELY open. It's seriously a shame because I'm sure the food would've been divine otherwise.
Legit the best sushi place in Montreal. Not even a joke, it's amazing. The selection of salads and the array of different rolls while at the same time maintaining a 5 star quality of service had me in awe. The mango salmon roll was by far my favourite, and the crab tartar, yum! For a drink I seriously recommend the lychee blueberry sangria. The waitress was so lovely in asking us for our taste and what we normally enjoy and suggested that drink, so impressed. So sweet and no taste of alcohol. It was divine.Favourite place for sure :)
Half of the food that was listed online wasn't available at the restaurant. The mushroom appetizer was lovely, the trout, however, was near tasteless. I also continued with a lamb main dish which was great. My friend on the other hand had the 'pasta' which genuinely tasted just like buttery carrots. The service was good but I don't think it made up for the food. Presentation was good but not ok if the taste was bad
Seriously the best service I've ever seen at a bar.First of all, there was a line outside the bar, and it was freezing cold, and the bouncer was nice enough to get us cups of lemon and ginger tea. I was so taken aback by that. So lovely of them.Secondly, the crew inside was more than just pleasant. Just absolutely caring and cooperative. Drinks were amazing as expected. Also, the salt and vinegar and bbq popcorn is heavenly guys. I recommend you get that. And yeah.Overall cosy and lovely. Thank you to them.
Okay, so I have so much to say. First of all, the restaurant itself is gorgeous beyond words, the decoration and the overall atmosphere is very sophisticated and elegant. When it comes to the food, honestly beautiful presentation and elevated dishes. The king crab dumplings were amazing, however, I would say that considering the amount me and my friend had ordered, I was expecting to be full, but I was actually pleasantly surprised to feel pretty light and just the right amount of full. The red velvet dessert was jaw-dropping. The service was also extremely lovely and overall very caring to our needs. I would say though, that the table that we were placed in was uncomfortably close to the table next to us, so much so I could hear their conversation with utter clarity. Overall though, this is a spectacular restaurant.
So many things to say, there's a completely different vibe at night than at day. Managed to visit in the morning and at night. 1) in the morning I seriously recommend the ahi tuna tacos, impeccable. Although slightly hard to manage the mess of eating it haha2) the general tao chicken salad, perfect mix of flavours and wonderfully breaded chicken!3) the bar at night is beyond fun, seriously well made drinks, the skittle me that and the kool-aid fishbowl... Wow.The service at night is a lot better than in the morning, probably due to the pacing of the day but other than that, really well decorated restaurant!
Ok, I only participated in the water circuit, it was relaxing to a degree, although not the highlight of my stay. The food was beyond divine and the service that came with it. However, halfway through my stay they closed the jacuzzi on the 2nd floor so they could clean it so it wasn't possible for me to use which I thought was kind of annoying but understandable.To be honest I just expected more overall as I read such positive reviews but it was still extremely relaxing.
Okay so, I've been in montreal for around 2 years and I was looking for a spa. I can't tell you how many i've been through to find this place. Honestly, such nice staff that I've dealt with! I would definitely recommend Lobna and Nahinda! They're both amazing. And if you're looking for a place to thread your eyebrows, seriously, come here.
Walking into the Diner I got a very cliquish feel, just a general cold and indifferent treatment. I wasn't greeted right off the bat, I asked him if it's seat yourself and I got a bit of an attitude. The booth I sat at had service setup for two people but there was semidried syrup on the table and crumbs, like they just set the table without cleaning it. I had the sausage gravy and biscuits that came with eggs, it was a brown gravy, mediocre at best, but the biscuits were tasty. The hash browns were nothing to write home about, just your standard hydrate in carton hash browns, for the price it was not a good value and I declined the eggs that was included in the meal .  The service was so so, no one came and asked me how my food was. I came with it and my bill wasn't adjusted accordingly to reflect the fact that I didn't get eggs with a meal. I'm comparing this to my experience at Fred diners and Akron which the food is phenomenal
Great shop owned by great people. Juan and Lulu genuinely care about the products they provide to their customers and go the extra mile to make sure you're happy. Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a place that has great customer service :)
Affordable, compact but sufficient place right close to ikea (~1 mile). Perfect if you are vegan/veg. For the meat lovers, give it a try!
This is a hidden south-indian joint that offers more than it displays from the outside.Didn't have a chance to try out the dinner menu options (yet), but went there for evening south-indian snacks, and wasn't disappointed at all! Lip-smacking food - the basic idli/wada and dosas - the sambhar and chutneys were made perfect!Looking forward to more outings at this place
Excellent service and awesome food. A fine array of vegetarian and non-veg options. Their pita bread is to die for; we couldn't just have enough of it.
Good food - the flavors are really strong and distinctive. Never had Moroccan food before, but I loved the food we had. Among the two of us, we opted for the Berber chicken and Hearty Veggies with Chickpeas. The host helped us pick the options out of the lot.Good food - hopefully I'll get time to make more visits and try out the other alternatives.
Last night we hosted a party at the Drafthouse. The owner was incredibly accommodating and the atmosphere was exactly what we were looking for. The outdoor space was delightful and everyone felt comfortable.  There were games for the kids like corn hole and ladder golf. They even picked up some sidewalk chalk for the little ones. The gentleman (Walter) playing guitar was outstanding. Thank you Wes for making my birthday special!
Yesterday we had Harveys cater a party. The food was excellent and the presentation as well. It was reasonably priced and everything got eaten. People enjoyed the food so much they asked if I could get the recipe for the dry rub on the chicken wings as well as the outstanding pimento cheese pineapple ring. I will definitely use them again. Thank you Harveys for making my birthday special.
Mediocre compared to other restaurants in hotel and pathetic compared to those in Vegas in general. Don't waste your time. So much more out there.
food is authentic, but giving 3 stars for the pushy service. the owner/manager tried to sell hard liquor when we were not interested. Also, he was right next to us to get the check signed....seemed desperate to get a good tip. Tried their buffet as well, that was good & reasonable.Would avoid this place as there are multiple other indian restaurants in Vegas.
the menu options are really exahustive including nepali cuisine.our order of chettinaad vegetable curry and the nepali soup can be skipped by others. The chau chau vegetable noodles were tasty.food quantity is less & more expensive than other indian restaurants in Vegas.Ambience is excellent though!
owned by a nepali, but serves authentic indian food. The service was slow even though we were the only ones in the restaurant on a Fri night. The location is a bit far from the strip, but worth the trip.
Excellent salads. I've had Walnut & Strawberry; salmon; and blueberry salads. Yum. The Chimay beer is fantastic-super trapist monk beers. Well managed and staffed restaurant.Only drawback is that no bread is given with salads by default-ask for it though!
My family and I have loved dilly's deli for years and it doesn't  disappoint. We have had the occasional customer service issue but the food keeps us coming back for more. A half sandwich is enough for one person.... If I'm being greedy I also get soup in a bread bowl YUM!!!
AJ was awesome! I was referred to him by a fellow coworker. He didn't disappoint. Called and he was here within an hour! I called a few company's and they quoted from $160-280. AJ quoted $169.00 no more no less. Even if my cables were broke. I like knowing what the cost will be NO suprises.
Dr. Jensen is the greatest.. My boys said it was the best experience they have ever had at the dentist. I highly recommend taking your kids you won't be disappointed.
Good food and it was better than what I expected. However I wasn't too happy with the server&service. Other than that we really enjoyed Kimchi Soup with Pork, seafood tofu soup, and Kalbi Tang soup.
My parents are visiting here and they absolutely loved this place. They were very happy with service and the food. I would give 5 stars and recommend people to try them for sure.
This Young woman has a passion like no other.  Her in depth knowledge of Nutrition and the body are insights that can take you to the next level of healing and feeling right.  She's an amazing chef, and motivated trainer.  Do yourself a favour if you are looking for someone to guide you to health and happiness, get in touch with "Food, Medicine, Life".
Service was very good. They really helped me through the shipping process, which was especially good for someone like me who doesn't ship many package. The staff is also very friendly and sociable.I'll definitely be coming back for future shipments
I have been a fan but infrequent visitor to the Phoenix Art Museum, but my most recent visit was on an afternoon with my father in law, visiting from NYC.  We checked out the Ansel Adams exhibit, and it was wonderful.  As a college student, I spent many afternoons at the CCP in Tucson where his work is stored, and there were many pieces that they brought out for this exhibit that aren't always on display down there.  But it was "You Who Are Getting Obliterated in the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies" that dumbfounded both of us.  For some perspective, F-I-L is a cultured, well-traveled man (who lives across the street from the Met, no stranger to art, this guy) and he commented about what a completely unexpected, moving surprise the visit to PHXArt was.  I don't know why I'm compelled to mention that, I just am.  Phoenix Art Museum gets better every time I go.
I cannot believe I am giving this place five stars.  16 year-old punk rawk me would look at [redacted] year-old me and punch me squarely in the nads if he thought I would ever be caught dead in a buttlicking Scottsdale frat-bro bar.  And even though it smells like trenbolone, Axe Body spray, and quiet feminine desperation, I can't help but love this place.  Awesome bar staff and - wait, what??? - friendly, respectful bouncers.  Beer is cheap, mixed drinks are strong-ish.  Usually a diverse crowd.  Never had food here, so I can't comment on that, but they do have free ice cream.  Do you know what goes really splendidly with lots-o-shots of I-Don't-Know?  Ice cream.  Who knew, right?  Did I mention that sometimes, people will just hand you drinks here?  And they don't know what's in them?  I'd advise my sister not to accept free, unsolicited shots from a stranger, but I'm not one to take my own advice.As a healthy straight man, I really appreciate the lack of clothing most female patrons wear here.  Combine that with the wheel-of-shots up on the bar, and at times Junkie feels like the pre-party before a Roman orgy, in the good kind of way. So I would tell my 16 year-old punk rawk self to chill the F out, and that by the time you're [redacted] years old, you'll really be beyond caring what everyone else is doing unless it amuses you.  And everything amuses me at American Junkie.  And then I'd preemptively punch 16 year-old punk rawk me in the nuts, tell him to invest in Apple and Google, bet the middle on Super Bowl 34, and to not marry that girl that you're going to marry.  Then I'd give him a few hundred bucks, because that was a lot of money [redacted] years ago.  And also, 16 year-old punk rawk self, the DJ rolled out some WTTHAAB-era NOFX last Saturday night, the perfect thing to make you feel young, dumb, and full of [redacted] again - and when you get to be my age, you will appreciate that.
I've been coming here for a long time, and there's been no dip.  Kudos to Matt and Erenia for holding true to the idea of making rad, no-frills breakfast food like they do back on the farm.  I don't eat here as often as I'd like, because the lines are impossible and I don't have the time to devote to an hour wait for Saturday or Sunday breakfast, but if the night before was long and I end up sleeping in, I have no shame about grabbing some breakfast at 1:30, and the lines are usually gone by then.  I will miss this place dearly.
Last year I hit the Karl Kopp sweep, visitng Bar89 in NY, Elsa's and Kopp's in Milwaukee, and AZ 88 and Hanny's here in the desert.  I love that I can get an Alfredo Burger when I'm back east, because that and the Au Poivre Burger are two of the best in town.  I've been coming here for a long time, and since I work so close I usually end up here once a week for a drink or dinner or both.  What can I say that hasn't been said before?  Minus 1 star for the annoyingly loud music, but I guess some people like not being able to have a conversation.  I've noticed that the service has steadily gotten better over the last few months, not that anything was wrong before, but tonight and the last few times I've been, it was bordering on Mary Elaine's-ish levels of service, which is pretty freakin great for a burger spot with loud dance music.  Great place.
I come here at least once a week.  Everything is good except for the drink prices.  The Naco Torta is a gluttonous carnivore's dream, and I am a gluttonous carnivore if nothing else.  Service can be hot and cold, but the food would get six stars if that were possible, so it's easy to overlook.
Had the pork porterhouse on my most recent visit.  Stupendous.  The green chile pork is damn good, the salmon is great (and I normally am not a fish-eater), all of the sides I've had have been ridiculously good.  Not outrageously expensive, but not cheap, either.  After some bad experiences at Roaring Fork (years ago, when they would be pertinent to mention here), I was fully expecting to be treated rudely and with disdain, but that hasn't happened here - the service has been phenomenal.  That's actually my favorite part about this place - it's not stuffy at all, but the service is akin to what you'd find in a more traditionally uppity restaurant - ably dancing between cloying and laissez-faire - in other words, there when you need them and non-existant when they should be.  I love this place.
Same food as the other Pita Jungle that I thrashed for being a haven for obnoxious douchebag (and douchebag-uette) servers (and hostesses ad managers) EXCEPT, at this location, it's like they were actually happy to see us!  Coincidentally, the two locations are equidistant from my house, so there's no doubt which one I'll be going to from now on.  Wish I had known about this location sooner - oh well, one day I will learn to use teh internetz.
A really cool place that serves good waistline-expanding grub.  Had the 8 oz. filet, which was really tender and cooked perfectly.  One of my companions had a really tough, gristly NY strip, but our waitress removed it from the bill.  Service was as good as anywhere, and the hash browns could drive a nutritarian to the brink of unrepentant gluttony.  The bar in this place is a classic, old-school steakhouse-type slab of wood, dark and inviting despite being packed to the gills.  Thumbs way up.
There are other gentlemen-type places around town that deserve their accolades, but I never have as much fun as when I'm at the Hi-Liter.  A friend from out-of-town wanted to go to a gentlemen-type establishment.  When I suggested the Hi-Liter, she recoiled, saying that the place looks skeezy.  I begged for some faith, and of course, nobody was disappointed.  Cheap (by strip club standards) drinks, friendly staff, everyone in the place - customers and employees - having a good old time.  Upon leaving, we asked for a cab, and one was there in under two minutes.  Here's something that always happens, and it happened again tonight:The waitresses often wear shorts that say "Hi Liter" across the derriere.  You'll never notice this until everyone is s-faced, and then someone will say, "I cant believe that girl's ass says 'Hitler.'"  Then you stare until you regain some vision and realize that it doesn't.  This has happened at least 3 times at this place, no joke.  Might not seem funny, but mix alcohol and/or other social lubricants with loud music and and general tomfoolery, and it's funnier than the last three Adam Sandler movies combined (not saying much, but still),Overall, there are other clubs that do other things better, but you'll never have as much fun as you do here.
Believe the hype.  The first time I ever made it in to this place, the same Calexico song playing in my truck was playing on their stereo as well, so they immediately scored some brownie points.  My favorite here is the tomato and mozzarella sandwich, and I generally believe that nothing can be good without meat.  This sangwich disproves that theory, admittedly weak and simple-minded to begin with, but still... amazing, amazing place, especially when the weather's good and you can sit outside.  The staff are usually rude, but fuck it - another case of holier-than-thou hipster a**holes saved by 6-star food.  The owner seems like a good enough dude.
What to say that hasn't been said?  This place is great, they aren't fast, but they're reasonable and the workmanship is bar none.  The guys here aren't dicks, either, like at so many luthiery shops.
G&D is my local bar.  Full disclosure - the owner is my friend, but that's a natural byproduct of how this place is run.  I know many of the people that I toss 'em back with a few nights a week here, and the clientele cuts a wide swath - doctors, lawyers, and Indian chiefs, if you will, to regular folks like me.  A lot of the knocks on the place I won't disavow - it's dim and not sparkling, but so what?  If that's a huge turn-off, you're better off elsewhere.  I like to think the place has personality.  But if you like a huge selection of beer (including Boddington's, Kronenbourg, and Chimay) and good food, you'll probably have a good time here.  The food's not frou-frou and "foodie" - it's just good.  My favorite bar in Phoenix - no place I'd rather get pissed.
As good a barber shop as there is in town.  I always get a good haircut here.  Cut, razor, hot towels, shoulder massage, as has been mentioned before.  Great place to get cleaned up.
After my utterly-disappointing BBQ roll through KC, I realized just how much I appreciate Honey Bear's.  Never had a bad meal here.  The Cowbro beans are delicious.  The meat is always lean and usually juicy.  The sauce is as good as any, if you like BBQ sauce with a little kick.  Everyone hating because this isn't like a BBQ place back in (insert famous BBQ town here) is just funny to me.  "It's not real BBQ unless (327-point checklist of real BBQ)..."  Whatever.  I love this place.
After a night partying in Madison, this place hits the spot.  The pizza is inventive, but as has been noted previously, not earth-shattering in its quality.  However, this is the only place I've ever had a slice of pizza with steak, fries, and BBQ sauce on it.  That's worth something.
Another reviewer mentioned the puttanesca, which was indeed fantastic - but I'll take mine without the anchovies, thanks.  I can somehow never get away from the Vesuvio pizza, though.  It's very similar to the Diavola at Cibo, with one major difference - I'm never full when I leave Cibo.  I've always got a couple slices left over from Gasper's, perfect for breakfast or lunch the next day (I'm a heathen, sue me).After recounting the few times I've been here, I've never had anything less than exceptional service, and the food is always great.  It's never crowded, either - famous last words.
Anonymous little place, unremarkably decorated, and the seating is uncomfortable if you're over 6 feet tall.  However, I would walk naked through Juarez in July to eat one of their falafel sangwiches - it's really good.  The gyros are good, too, and the dogs are okay, but the falafel wrap they make is unreal.
I was brought here by some UW alums, as we were all in town for football.  Any bar that has Spotted Cow on tap gets a one-star bump from me, so they get... one star.  I get that working here makes you a big-swingin-d!*k in the UW-Madison social circle, but holy frijoles, a more colossal collection of douchenozzle employees would be hard to find anywhere outside of NY/LA.  This is possibly the rape-iest bar I've ever been to, and I live, work, and play in Scottsdale, the fertile crescent of rape-y bars.  I can't wait for my next trip to Madison, but this place will not be on the list.
I've been to a couple shows here, and the live sound is as good as anywhere in the Valley.  Great beer selection, and the food ranges from acceptable (hummus) to great (burger).  Mostly friendly staff.  Service is always on the better side of okay - but you can expect a hassle (or maybe just indifference?) from the front door staff.  Otherwise, the location is the only bummer for me.
I've been coming to this Pita Jungle off and on for a while, since I work nearby.  I can't figure out why everyone that works there is a jerk.  It seems to be only me - I see other people getting good service with a smile, but I'm always "S"-d on whenever I come here.  Today will be the last time I ever do.  Great food, but the one star is for the unconscionably rude staff.  My bro-in-law and another good friend feel the same way, too, and we're tempted to think it's because we don't look like we belong here, but that's just a shot in the dark.  Once or twice I'd forgive, but EVERY time?  F this place, seriously.
Great selection of clothing for those of us who are more difficult to fit.  Quality merchandise, a great in-house tailor, and the owner, Lynn, will likely be the one helping you - and she is great.  I can't imagine the hours she puts in to find the clothing that makes her clients the best-dressed in town, regardless of size.  Over the course of several years, I've bought things here that are unique and that you wouldn't find at a store for even "regular" sized people.  I'm one of the unfortunate dudes that's too big for a regular department store, but not big enough for a traditional Big & Tall, but I've always been rewarded by trips here.  Top notch.
Everyone from Nebraska thinks they're an expert on beef, and I'm no exception.  City Hall is as good as it gets.  I've eaten at every over-hyped NY steakhouse from Peter Luger's to the 837 Palm, and every douchehole joint in LA and LV, and the only place that MIGHT be better is Gibson's in Chicago - and that's just a maybe.  Filet - top notch.  Porterhouse - the best.  KC Strip - unrivaled anywhere.  The only way to get a better steak is to fly to Omaha, go to Stoysich, grab a slab and cook that sumbitch yourself.  Sides - you can't miss with any, but the creamed corn brings out the corn-fed in me.  Awesome.  And the butter cake... manna from heaven, kids.  Excellent selection of booze and wine.  Always top service.  Quite frankly, I'm amazed at how long this place has stayed awesome - gotta be at least 7 or 8 years now?  The best.
I'd sworn off Shogun for a long time.  I used to drive from Central PHX up here just for their Shogun Chicken.  The food has always been awesome, but the last three times I'd been here, the service was beyond abysmal.  One night I'd come in specifically to tie one on with a meal, but I could only manage to get the waitress's attention for three drinks.  Kinda ridiculous.  So I was pleasantly surprised on my last visit.  We were told the table would be 10-15 minutes; we were seated in five.  Iced tea and water never reached empty.  And the food was incredible, as always.  I'm not much of a fish-eater, so I can't reliably rate their sushi, but I've always loved what I've had here. The Chicken Katsu is also very good.  I hope the good service we experienced indicates a wholesale change and was not just an anomaly.  But after being this close to calling it quits on this place entirely (and I've been eating here for 15+ years), they redeemed themselves.  I really hope they keep it up.
Damn, I love this place.  Best gyro I've ever had, anywhere.  Everyone that works here is friendly.  You'll leave here stuffed for under $10.  What more to say?  If you haven't been, you're missing out.
No stars are deserved here. The food was bland, cold and lacking variety. Half of the signs telling you what something was, were wrong or missing. The seafood upgrade at an additional $20 per person was a waste! 80% of the seafood in this "special" area was available in the regular buffet. Dessert variety was lacking as well. Seating was disorganized and no one seemed to know what they were doing. Both the Men's and Women's restrooms had no paper towels to dry your hands and no blowers to dry your hands either. Definitely a disappointment and waste of $118 for my wife and I.
The food was solid. Nice chips and salsa, not too rich of beans, and the right amount of cheese. Ordered chorizo and eggs, bean and cheese burrito, carne asada tostada and an enchilada (just because we have to try an enchilada everywhere).Chorizo and eggs - good but not greatBean and Cheese burrito - not overly filled, so it could have had moreCarne asada - Excellent!Enchilada - a very good enchilada (not on the menu, so make sure to ask)The only problem was the service. There were only 2 people working, and the woman didn't speak english well enough so the chef had to come out and take orders. So he was obviously very busy and missed the side of rice we ordered. No fault to his own, he was doing everything, but it was something to note. We were thinking that maybe she fits more with the spanish speaking neighborhood, but for us it made it a little difficult to order.
Awesome decor! The waiter even lent us a flashlight to go around the restaurant and see all of the amazing autographs and memorabilia. Food was really good. Ordered the broasted chicken, ribs and mac & cheese. Chicken was incredibly juicy and had a great skin. Ribs weren't fall off the bone, but we were told they wouldn't be. The flavor was good (wife didn't like the sauce, but I did). Mac and Cheese was subtle underneath the layer of cheese, which was a nice mix. Also, we mentioned that we saw them on yelp and we were offered the cheese toast for free. And it was so good we wanted to eat each and every one of them. Entrees came with cole slaw, but since we are not a fan of that we optioned to change them to caesar salads - for an up charge. Salad had an olive oil twist instead of creamy caesar, which was interesting.We will be back, and we recommend you do the same.
Think of it like all of the Albertos, Albertacos, Ralibertos and the rest of the restaurants with the same menu and flavors. We love all of these restaurants - but this one didn't give enough rice in our burrito (we ordered a bean, rice and cheese burrito, but it was by far beans - disappointing).
This club is a little small and the dance floor is really small and super crowded. We had a great table but the service sucked! These people try to get you extremely drunk and shove multiple receipts in your face to sign with charges that are not yours. They brought me at least 3 receipts with signatures that were not mine!!!!!! They charged my credit card 3 times with charges that didn't match the receipt I signed!!  Beware of this club, they are super shady!!!
I love their pizza. This is the first time I tried their pizza and I ordered their large mushroom and sausage and chicken wings and it was very good. I moved here from Cali to AZ and I tried Barros pizza and I thought their pizza was very good, but this pizzeria was even better, so I know where to order really good pizza. I had it delivered and they delivered by a timely manner. They also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find. So I would order pizza from this place in a heartbeat.
I just moved from California to Gilbert, Arizona and I was trying to find a good sushi place near my house.  I have to tell you, it is not bad.  I am really skeptical about all-you-can-eat sushi bars, but this was different.  I am use to buffet style of sushi where it has been left out for a while.  Not KC's Sushi.  The sushi is fresh and for the price it is not bad.  When I drove up to the restaurant, I thought it went out of business or something because all I saw were advertisements painted on the windows. It looked like a dive.  I walk in, and the service was very nice.  I sat at the sushi bar and asked if it was all-you-can-eat, and the chef said "yes".  It was $18.95 and you had to select the sushi rolls or pieces on a piece of paper.  For the price, very good service, and it was served fresh.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves sushi.
My family and I came here for the first time to each lunch after church. I have to tell you, this is a great place to eat Italian food and Asian food at the same time.  LOL! And to have snoh right next door for dessert was perfect!  I ordered a dish called the Primavera w/ eggplant, chicken and red sauce.  You could either have Soba noodles or Tofu noodles.  I ordered the Soba noodles which was very interesting.  It is healthy and very tasteful.  The prices are inexpensive and within my strict budget.I would recommend this place to everyone.  Its small but quaint.  We had nine people in our party and we just waited for about 15 min. Fortunately enough we were seated quickly.  I have been in AZ for 5 years, and I cannot find any Asian food that compares to the restaurants in San Jose California where I am from, and this was one of the best places I have gone to.  So I just want to give 5 stars for this place.
OMG! This place is amazing! I just was driving by after my chiro appt. in Gilbert, I have always wanted to see what reflexology was all about. Since it was my first time, it cost me $25 and then $10 for tipping, which is a normal. Mary the massage therapist was amazing, she was really firm and massaged every inch of my body for one hour. I was so pampered. Since my b-day was yesterday, the cost will be $25 for the whole month of October. Cool deals. And they also have a manicure/pedicure special that I might try. But the mani/pedi place is around the corner from this place. I recommend this place if you want a great massage and for the price.
Bad experience...Terrible service, terrible food.First of all, I was organizing a Happy Hour and Dinner for a retirement party that we had on Friday, August 3rd, 2012.  Reading the fine print on the website it did say that happy hour prices were in the bar area, although because it was a party of 30 we could not fit in that area.  One of the attendees called the restaurant and spoke with the Manager which he confirmed that we were going to have happy hour prices. It turns out when we got to the restaurant they thought we were another party for 40 people that booked the spot for happy hour, but the attendee that spoke with the Manager was misinformed and they only gave us one round of happy hour prices.Second of all, our server was awful.  There were a couple of servers that actually waited on us because there was a table of 10 people.  Anyways, she took wrong orders and did not listen to our needs and was rushed, rushed, rushed.  Then a new person came in late on our table, and she was not even served when she saw her.  We had to track her down. I am sorry but the amount of restaurants that I have been to, this was the worst service ever.  I mean I had servers that actually new who was new at the table and took their order once they arrived.I ordered full size of fried green tomatoes, 1/2 order of fried okra, and a plate of sweet potato fries.  The server gave me my fried green tomatoes, but gave me full size of fried okra and the sweet potato fries was horrible.  So I had the server take my sweet potato fries because it was awful.  The server took it away without even asking me if I wanted another batch. I don't cook much, but I probably can fry those tomatoes alot better than the restaurant. I told the server I ordered 1/2 size of fried okra, and she said ok and brought it back to the kitchen then she brought the same dish back and said that she will just charge me for the 1/2 size order.  And lastly, when the server gave us the bill, it was all separate checks and did not even do that right.  The server was putting stuff on the bill that did not even belong on the check.So needless to say...I AM NOT COMING BACK TO THIS RESTAURANT AGAIN.
Customer Service is amazing I've been coming here for almost 4 years. Anna is amazing ! I recommend to everyone. Prices are very good as well. Best nail salon in Las Vegas !
I've been here twice now, visiting my daughter at ASU. Service and food excellent, great Irish pub atmosphere.
My food was excellent I had the shrimp hibachi with the rice, noodles, and the vegetables and had a couple cups of sake. The chef had good tricks.
The red velvet shake is very good and I also had the fried pickles and the blue cheese and bacon fries and they were also very good.
Out to dinner for my fathers b- day with my mother and daughter. The food was good. We day outside and eat it was a nice night for that.
I love Chipotle, but this location needs to hire a whole new staff. They are slow, rude, and lack customer service. I have attempted to buy from this location 3 separate times just to end up walking out. 20 mins to cut a cube of cheese!? Seriously what are you doing?
The customer service at this location is always exceptional. We went in last week and "David" I think was his name went above and beyond to make our experience great. Keep up the good work!
The customer service was extraordinary. You can tell they really really love what they do. And a huge shout out to Jose for everything he had done for us in a difficult time after our accident. There are not enough words to express my gratitude. This is an honest, hardworking, and great quality shop. I will never go anywhere else.
My husband and I used to love the perch! That is where we had our first date. But the last two experiences left us sad and disappointed. They say they are dog friendly, but there is nothing friendly when you bring your dog. When I had called and asked, the hostess was clearly annoyed that she had to say yes they were dog friendly...We went anyways. Bad mistake. We get there and both hostesses were rude. They had said there was a 30-35 min wait. (Open tables everywhere). We decided to walk downtown while we wait and within 5 mins we get a text. We turn back, and she puts us in the very back nasty corner of the restaurant with a crooked table. After NO service and poor service we left and will never go back. Too bad. And no The Perch is not "dog friendly".
The customer service is great, the guys who work there are very funny and also very fast. We were in and out within 15 mins (broken screen). Drove all the way from Scottsdale and don't plan to go anywhere else ; )
Best hostel I've been too. The people that run the place are super friendly and accommodating. The limo tour to the clubs was awesome. Worth every penny. I can't wait to come back!
Great if your from the northeast and your working away from home and you want to take your local scottish lass out for a drink
This place is crappy.  I've been here a couple times and been disappointed almost every time.   The service is poor and the waiters don't seem to know how to clear plates.  Overall the sushi is mediocre at best. The  other things such a as there dumplings and other appetizers are pretty nasty we tired the sweet and sour  soup and it was like drinking oil.  This place is okay at best would not recommend dinner here there are far superior sushi places.  Save your money and go somewhere ,that actually know there shit cause this place clearly does not.
This place is great! I'm not a Harry Potter fanatic but the atmosphere was very cool.  I got the avocado toast with a glass of Moscato.  The service was fantastic. I was able to sit at a bench near power outlets so I can work on my laptop. Just a very cool place. Looking forward to coming back and bringing people!
I have been coming here for 3 years now and I absolutely love it! I was introduced to the salon while working at Rambo's Kitchen. The service is impeccable  and the stylists are knowledgeable. Delaney has been my stylist for almost 2 years now and she is absolutely  amazing. You can tell she loves her job. My mom has even become a regular of hers. She is in the process of turning my hair blonde from box color black. My hair is strong, healthy and light! #lovethissalon
First time at this location,  and second time to Hooters in general.  Sat at the bar with my brother and had Sammy for a bartender. It was her first night.  She was great! The food was fresh and delicious.  We had the pretzel sticks with beer cheese,  nachos and original wings.  It took awhile for the wings but they made up for it with quality customer service.  Plus it gave time for the other food to digest.  4 stars only because of the wait time for wings.  I will definitely come again!
Excellent service! We were picked up at our hotel in a luxuriois Mercedes van with Ipads for entertainment. The ride is shirt about 30 minutes. Reception staff is very friendly. I greatly appreciated Jenn texting with pickup time. The helicopter seats 6 and isnvery comfortable. Christy is an amazing pilot and tourguide. The views of inside the grand canyon were incredible and worth every penny. If you have never been on tour to grand canyon or helicopter I highly recommend this one!
Very nice place.people are all very polite and helpful. Nice pool and fitness area. Laundry room is very nice and reasonably priced as well. The evening social hours are an added bonus!spotlessly clean and always someone cleaning somewhere,nice to see!wonderful place will definitely try to return,Love Marriott properties!!
Very tasty and the waiter was a sweetheart! I had the chicken and peanuts and the artichokes, my other half had the steak bowl and soup .... Very good and filling!
Very nice atmosphere. The pad Thai was very good,also fresh rolls! Oh and wow the sticky rice and mango,delish!! You won't be disappointed
Had pink and whites done by Henry. He did an awesome job and a very enjoyable person to talk to. Top notch guy with his act together. Thank you very much for an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend!
Totally enjoyed our pedicures,Gary and I,and my pink and white set! Jaclyn did a great job on my nails, I would recommend this place to anyone. Go try it and see for yourself.
Trendy atmosphere, great patio to sit and watch the Charlotte night life. Had a blast. It isn't on the menu anymore but if you ask for it, they can still make it-roasted pepper hummus!!! Yum!!!
If you are looking for a nice clean and good price place this is the place to stay. I stay there on March 25, with my husband and it was nice and clean and the reception was super nice and extremely helpful. Would so stay here again! Nice employees, clean and in the strip!
I dealt with Michael the manager and he was AMAZING!! So nice and such great customer service. I will be back again for some sunglasses :)
As a local resident I have used Mcalpines for years and have never been disappointed in the quality of the service.   I was concerned that a new battery for a very expensive and exceptionally thin Zenith watch would be a problem but no it was fitted while I waited.   A new strap for my other watch was also fitted while I waited.   Total cost 11-50 superb value for money.   Can thoroughly recommend.
I had the tuck and rolls, they were fresh and delicious. The service is always excellent. Friendly relaxed atmosphere.
We had zucchini sticks and chicken cesar salad.Delicious. Excellent service. We will be back.
Stopped in on my way home for the first time. Pleased to see two full seats and one free barber on a Friday. Very friendly staff and I was pleased with the haircut and beard trim. Great prices and great service, I'll be back!
I really like having lunch here! I've tried several menu items and enjoy them all. The bar is a friendly place to eat and I've had great luck with all the wait staff.
They are brand new to this location, but the trainers have many years of experience and it shows in the near one on one training. The long hours allow for a nice work out for me at 5:30am, or a quick free weight session on the way home from work.
This is my second time visiting this spiritual center.   As a visitor, I am always embraced warmly by the congregation and I am in awe of the singer, Patty Powers.   Thank goodness they keep tissues nearby, because one of the sermons brought me to tears (which is quite rare for me).    I will be moving to the Las Vegas area in October, and plan to become a regular member of this congregation.   I have never been to a church with 3 reverends leading the congregation, but each one of them has their own way of touching your heart with their sermon on Sundays.
Came here with friends during a trip to Vegas. The food was good and really low priced. Only problem or complaint is that the waiter brought out the wrong drinks.
Salad was fresh and delicious.  Service was prompt. They are open 24 hours which is really nice.
The show was entertaining. There was a bit involving Twinkies that went on way too long though. The show had technical difficulties and had to stop for fifteen minutes but I don't blame them for that.  It happens. The best part was the last portion of the performance. Sit in the lower level for guaranteed fun.
Had great food and wine here. Had salad, bruschetta and a flatbread. Delicious! A bit pricey but I would definitely come here again.
Unbelievable show. I saw it up close in the second row and I'd love to see it again from farther back just for a new perspective.  So much to see I didn't know where to look on stage at any one time. Definitely worth the money.  I got half priced tickets from a discount ticket stand. Go see it!
Sushi was fresh. California roll had real blue crab in it not imitation. You get what you pay for. Pad Thai was delicious.  Nice quiet restaurant.
Ate there yesterday for lunch with my 14 year old daughter: for Lasagne ($12), extra sauce ($3), Garlic Bread ($6), Caprese Salad ($9). The server was very excellent. My daughter insists I mention that the Olive Garden would have been better. The Lasagne tasted like sauce out of a can that had set out for days with low grade hamburger mixed in. The very thin layer of cheese on top was so thin it was nearly flavorless and what flavor was there was not a good one. The bread that came with the meal was less than average. The salad was bland. The garlic bread was a celebration of overpowering garlic assaulting my mouth. The funky cheese on that garlic bread polluted the flavor. The impression we left with was that this restaurant's management and kitchen staff are care far more about making money and cares very little about what they send out of their kitchen.
Great burgers and the most awesome mac & cheese!!!   The service was fast and friendly. Will definately go back there next time I'm in Pittsburgh---- NYC Girl
I saw this place on group-on and decided to give it a chance, my boyfriend and I came in for couples massages.  I am not going to judge the place off of the appearance of it, there really isn't a whole lot to the spa- it was very different than any other "spa" that I have been to but I was not too concerned with that.  I had Chris for my massage therapist.  I am not a massage expert but I have had 10+ massages before and the entire time I could not relax because I just could not understand what he was doing.  I did not feel as though he was trained as a massage therapist.  The way he used his hands and such made me feel as though he did not have proper training.  Maybe I personally just did not like his specific style of massage but I left thinking that I never once really felt relaxed and nothing that he did really felt that great. I personally can say I was rather disappointed with my personal massage that I received and did not feel as though it was worth the money that I spent on it.On the other hand, my boyfriend had Teresa as his massage therapist and had a much better experience.  He said he was relaxed and enjoying it and could tell she had proper training and was using massage techniques and even working tight spots in his back that needed to be worked.  He walked out with a much different experience than I.The employees were nice and I should of spoke up more at the end about how I felt about my massage although I did feel bad doing so, that is not really my personality to cause any sort of confrontation.  Just a warning to others to go with Teresa as the massage therapist if you are going to be booking an appointment.
Is there anywhere I can see more of your work? Do you have a website or instagram page? I would love to get my eyebrows done with you, based off of all the great reviews.
The service is ok the food could be better I had the west yes BBQ salad because nothing else looked like it would taste good the salad was ok
Green Tea Crepe ($9.29) - served with red bean and sponge cake wrapped in thin pancake, homemade green tea ice cream and whipped cream on the side.  Beautiful and attractive appearance.  The crepe was thinly made, soft and smooth; it had perfect texture and tasted light.  The matcha green tea was amazing.  It had a strong green tea flavour and was not sweet, true and real to taste.  Not much red bean and sponge cake were found in the crepe, so I was somewhat disappointed.  The crepe is a 'individualized' or 'separated' version of a matcha red bean chiffon cake.  Nothing can go wrong with the combination of these ingredients; they are made for each other!  Nevertheless, it was still scrumptious.Regular sized Hazelnut Flavoured Latte ($4.89) was HUGE!  The drink had very strong hazelnut flavour and sprinkled with real hazelnut bits.  Very legitimate~  The frothy hot milk was very fun to drink.  It felt like a bubble bath, blowing the bubbles and giggles everywhere.  This latte was that enjoyable.
Green Lemon Grass is located in Richlane Mall, where they have served the Richmond Hill neighbourhood for over a decade.  This restaurant is like a busy bee, tables always full, continuous short lineups and fast service.  In other words, table turnover rates, on average, are high.The menu is based on comfort foods of noodles, curry, roti, rice and soups.  Do not expect fine dining here.  They built their reputation for fast convenient meals (fast food like).BBQ Chicken & Spring Roll Vermicelli ($7.75) was a mixture of grilled chicken, fried spring rolls, topped with peanuts, carrots, cucumbers, shredded lettuce and mixed with fish sauce.  Served dry and warm, it was quite appetizing with the tangy fish sauce.  The chicken was over-grilled and very dry; rubber-like texture.  The spring roll was also over- fried, where parts of the wrapper was burnt; however, was crunchy.  But burnt food can cause cancer.Small Rare Beef Noodle Soup ($6.75) has bean sprouts, slices of  beef and garnished with green onion and a sprig of mint leaves.  The beef was thinly sliced and lightly cooked; therefore, the texture was well maintained and easily absorbed the soup base.  It had a very standard pho soup base, therefore tasted consistent with my perception of pho.I found both noodles were extremely salty and had too much MSG to it.  Water was being chugged down the throats for the rest of the afternoon and evening.  For the speedy service, convenience of meals, on a tight schedule, does not hurt to go.  But if you are looking for an enjoyable, savory meal, then this restaurant is not what you are looking for.
Service was good.  Everyone was nice.  However, towards the end of my meal when the store was slowly emptying, the owners start gossiping about other taiwanese restaurants.  I thought quite unprofessional.Popcorn chicken was crunchy and fresh. Chicken was not dry and full of flavours.Pork thick noodle soup was okay.  the soup base was sour and kind of bland.  The pork stripes were interesting as it was covered in fish paste therefore extra soft and had different levels of texture.Satay pork thick soup with rice had a similar base as the noodles, the base again was sour.  not enough satay flavours.  overall, same feeling as the noodles.Big portions for a good price.  So full after
I cane to sorrento under recommendation from my coworker.  I was told that the owner also has a retaurant at Sorrento, Italy.  They definitely originated from the Almalfi Coast.I do agree w. Commentators below that service can be better and improved because they were really cool and "poker face" but I managed to make him smile in the end.  I think they just need some warming up to it.But we really should talk about the food not just only service (apologize and no offence to others).  the food was good, authentic and made all homemade.  The calamari was crispy and not oil.  It was fresh and very generous portions.  We were full from eating it.  I could not finish my main course.I ordered the lobster ravioli with tomato cream sauce.  the sauce was very rich and creamy.  It was paired perfectly to the lobster cheesy ravioli.  It was hearty.  And i was amazed how the the ravioli filling had real lovster.The seafood pasta was fresh and full of seafood or ocean like flavours. The pasta was homemade with a press.  The pasta was a little harder than al dente but i was satisfied with it.  I tend to like pasta or noodles hard because it gives from for sauce absorbtion to make it softer.I definitely enjoyed the meal and really enjoyed it.  It was not the cheapest meal ever but its similarly priced as o&b, like fine dining.  But the food quality is definitely as good or even better than o&b.
A franchise recently opened in Oak Ridges~  Went for brunch before shopping trip.Nice atmosphere, really cool, quiet, spacious and airy.  Decor followed a lot of European wall art pieces.  Seems kind of dated.Our table was not well cleaned, bread crumbs were observed.  We asked for extra cleaning.  The girl seem reluctant and quite absentminded.  (as if we are thin air, nonexistent).Friend ordered a Eggs Benjamin ($12.45), which looked really good, but never got to try.  Potato wedges were crunchy.I ordered a French Toast with White chocolate cinnamon ($12.55) which also came with a fruit salad.  The fruits were really fresh and sweet.  It was not the canned fruits you get from supermarket, where the fruits are submerged in sugar juice.  But the french toast was disappointing.  The bread was burnt, moist and soggy.  It was like soaked in water kind of texture.  It was lacking the crunchiness I hoped for.  White chocolate cinnamon was savory, just a good sauce combination.  Other than the cinnamon sauce, they give you maple syrup on the side.  But because of the sad french toast, I did not enjoy the brunch much.verdit:  if you ever go for bunch, do not try their french toasts.
Terrible service, she barely existed other than ssayimg hi and taking our orders.  Food was extremely oily and nothing spectacular.  But they are busy because of the in mall location.  Otherwise, I would not even go.  Btw, first time eating at this location.
-probably the busiest Congee Wong of all franchise-Spice & Pepper Pork Chop ($8.75) had even amount of the spice comprised of salt, sweet peppers and chili.  The subtle spiciness was exquisite.-Beef & Veggie Rice Noodle ($8.25) leaned towards the dry end of the spectrum.  But there was enough sauce to moisturize the noodles and give it flavour.  Not overdone~-Yeung Chow Fried Rice ($8.50) is an example of fried rice success.  Not much oil was used.  Each piece of rice was coated with egg.-Beef Mushroom Hot Plate (11.95) was sizzling hot when served.  The fumes and aroma evaporating into the air made our mouths water.  Scallions and Onions were used for flavour enrichment.-Vegetables with Mixed Mushroom ($9.25) was very fresh.  It was a good balance to all the protein and carbohydrates ordered.Verdict: Fast meal, big portions, good price and tastes awesome.  If my parents drive 30 minutes from home to eat at Congee Wong @ North York, this really is how good the food is.  It is a restaurant that we specially make a trip for.
The spirit of maritime life is brought to Toronto through the decor and design of the restaurant. Wood or boards or vinyl were the main material used to give a homey simple sensation. Meanwhile, a lot of lighthouse figurines and buoys or boat equipment were used as decor, possibly to recognize the life of a fisherman. I liked how the restaurant appeared down to earth.Ceviche ($16) was made with market fish and seasoned with thai spices.  The fish was poached, preserving the natural moisture and texture of the fish.  TINY PORTIONS!  Felt like there was only 1 tablespoon of fish. Also, there was not much surprise to the appetizer. Flavour was bland and i think the lettuce washed out some of the spices too. The only thing I enjoyed was the thinly sliced lotus root chips.Trio of Tuna Tartare ($18) Jalapeo and ginger (bottom), shitake mushroom (middle) and spicy red chili (top), all paired with a miso vinaigrette. The spicy red chili tasted somewhat like salsa, a sweet and tangy flavour. The shitake mushroom was starting to taste a little bit more saltier. While, jalapeno and ginger was spicy, it was our favourite of the three choices because it was a good mixture of the past two. This appetizer had a lot of depth, in terms of flavour and different levels of enjoyment to it. My complaint is there is really too little tuna that I can justify the mixture of sauces with it or how the sauces can compliment the tuna.Raw Oysters ($2 - $4 each, depends on harvest location), plate of 12, 6 different types of oysters.  These oysters were amazingly fresh. I would love to have more! It is amusing how different regions or locations produce different flavours, sizes and appearance of oysters. The ocean water allowed the oysters to have a natural salty taste. Different environments allowed some oysters to have more meat and larger size, along with a sweet and creamy taste to it.Yellow Thai Curry Mussels ($16) steamed in a Thai curry and topped with onion frites.  This is by far my favourite dish of the evening.  Not only was there a lot of mussels served, it was extremely fresh. The mussels were juicy and with the Thai curry sauce, it brought out the fresh sweet taste of the mussels. They were simmered to perfect texture.We do not have to go to the Maritimes or the West coast to have fresh oysters or seafood. It can be experienced in Toronto too! Ofcourse, the selection is not as wide in Central Canada, but it definately was worthit.
We went on a Sunday morning to try their brunch menu for birthday celebration. At the entrance, a large glass showcase of readily made gourmet sandwiches, pastries and salads were prepared for the on-the-run crew. Looked healthy! Mouth watering!  Service was great - responsive, tentative, and warm.Free Run Turkey Burger ($16) was prepared with condiments of tempura onion, avocado and a dill pickle mayo sauce. It came with a few vegetable chips on the side.  The chips were thickly cut and quite hard, requires strong teeth to tear it apart.  However, it was not oily at all and seasoned with adequate amount of salt.  I quite liked it for a different texture and has a sweet taste to it, while absorbing the fiber and nutrients.  No surprise from the burger.  The turkey patty was tasty and juicy, while the sauce was not very distinct.  It was quite a generic burger, despite having the jazzy ingredients.Roast Duck Poutine Pizza ($16) was made curds, fries, duck, and accompanied by the recommended nasty sauce on the side.  The nasty sauce was an attractive sour and very spicy sauce.  The first sample of the sauce was bearable, but the more you try it, the more if feels like your tongue had gone on fire.  The pizza was a successful combination of two comfort foods.  With a thin crust and a lot of toppings, the pizza was baked just about right to be crunchy and crispy.  The juices all retained to make the pizza extremely flavourful and fun to eat.  Not too complicated or overwhelmed by the burst of toppings~Huge potion sizes, we could barely finish it.  For an early Sunday brunch, I enjoyed the lightness of the meal, and little oil.  The environment was just great and relaxing, with quite a bit of privacy to feel comfortable.
nice environment and decor, looks classic and fancy.Went on a Wednesday for a friends gathering and was quite empty.  We were the youngest group there.  Our server had a poker face and she seemed absentminded, or did not know her things well enough.Ordered Grilled sea scallops ($19.95) as an appetizer.  Fresh scallops grilled to perfection.Yukon potato gnocchi, pan seared 'Terra Style' ($23.95)Risotto was ordered but they did not have risotto which I thought was really weird and offered to use the same ingredients served on rigatoni.  The same price as the risotto (quite unreasonable).Casarecce Arrabiatta $16.95verdit: The entres ordered were small and salty.
Spicy Miso Ramen and flaked salmon don combo set ($22.50) was a good deal in a way.  Portions were adequate and filling.  Salmon Don was dry and bland.  The rice went wrong, was in a paste-like texture.  However, the ramen was delicious.  It was sweet miso soup, slowly progressed into the fresh ingredients salt mixture and into the spiciness.  Enjoyed the dimension of flavours the soup base provided.  Though, I do not mind it being more spicy.Toroniku Ramen ($12.95) is their signature ramen, where the ramen and toppings were served separately.  Toroniku is simmered pork cheek (jowl) meat.  It has rich flavour - fresh, sweet, soy sauce saltiness and soft, melt in your mouth texture, like fat.  By dipping the meat in the broth, the meat absorbs the broth and brings out the character of both parties.  Shoyu soup is made from a mixture of pork bones broth and soy sauce.  It takes 2 days of boiling and simmering to complete, making the soup extra sweet, creamy, smooth and rich in pork aroma. you will not get sick of this broth.Overall, both soups were not salty and can continuously drink it, thinking it is the healthiest thing ever.  It did not feel fat and did not notice a layer of oil floating at the top.  Definitely has a better soup base than others.  The thick strands of noodles Santouka used benefited the soup base.  Other than being al dente, texture was firm, the noodles swam in the bowl of delicious soups, absorbing the essence of the soup base. It was a scrumptous meal.
First time eating hrre, on a sunday evening, a full house, very busy. The haddock was amazing, simple sweet and tangy, flavourful.  The pasta was typical, oily and similar to any other chain restaurants, nothing special.  Upbeat restaurant, nicely rennovated and great date place, a lot of privacy. They were nice enough to allow us and sit for hours, after dinner and paying but was rude of them for not giving us water. Kind of indecent of them, afterall we did tip them for the service...overall, mediocre
Amazing authentic indian food.  very aromatic and flavourful.  I like how the foods were served on silver stainless steel plates and bowls, felt formal and respectful.  large servings, had leftovers for take out.  Service was good.
After coming back from China for vacation, I have been missing the food quite a bit.  But my parents suggested trying the restaurant which specializes in northern Chinese food.  We were surprised how much it resembles the food we had in China.  It was not oily nor salty.  The flavours were rich, and hearty.  It was plain and fresh.  We watched the ladies make dumplings and noodles in the kitchen.Good portions, because we were bloated with 4 plates ordered.  It was enjoyable~
Had it for lunch and ordered take out.  The ladies and sushi chefs were extremely helpful and nice. I was studying the menu , trying to make a decision on what to order.  A server came to introduce the combo lunch menu which has a mixture of different rolls for a better price. Maki Set D ($11.95) came with 3 pieces of California Roll and 8 pieces of Dynamite Roll.  Miso Soup and Green Salad came with the lunch combo set.  Standard textures and tastes.  Ingredients were fresh and crunchy. Spicy Scallop Maki Roll ($6.95) and Avocado Maki Roll ($4.95) = I enjoyed the soft and melt-in-the-mouth avocado roll.  The roll was really fresh and sweet.  Tangy spicy scallop roll was enjoyable.  I find the sauce stronger and more flavourful or distinct than other sushi restaurants.  The spiciness really exists!They serve generous roll portions.  They were big!  Eating these rolls will make you look like a goldfish, bloated cheeks and continuously chewing.
I finally got my hands on these sushi burritos, the first and original creative mobile makers of this snack in Toronto, before they wrap up and disappear for the winter.Ordered Spicy Salmon ($10) and Lobster ($9).  These were the half sized prices.  If you order the full roll, prices are $16 and $18.  Nonetheless, really good, fresh, crunchy, crispy and flavourful.  They were packed with ingredients, very generous size.  It was really funny to eat.In conclusion, these are ginormous sushi rolls.
My wife and I dined at the Pittsburgh, PA Southside location for our second wedding anniversary. We had a reservation for 8:30 on Saturday, and showed up around 8:15. We had to push through a very heavy revolving door, and walked up to the greeter. She told us that our table would be ready right at 8:30, so we went to the bar to have a drink while we waited. We found two seats at the bar. The bar top was dirty, with a wet menu and the ticket from a previous guest at our seats. There were two bartenders, a male and a female, arguing over something. No one greeted us. Behind the bar, there were soiled glasses, utensils, and rags all over the place. Servers were frantically coming up to the bar to get drink orders while the bar tenders ran around and yelled. It was very tense. After 5 minutes, the bartender took my drink order of a Sam Adams. My wife asked what kind of wine she had, and the bartender grabbed the wet menu and flipped it over and gave it to her. When my beer arrived, the hostess came to take us to our table. I told her that I hadn't paid for my beer yet, nor had my wife ordered her wine. She said that it would be fine, and that she'd transfer the beer to our dinner check. When we were seated, a frantic male server came to ask my wife if she wanted something to drink. She ordered a glass of wine. He asked me if I had paid for my beer, and I explained what the hostess told me. He said it would be a few minutes for the wine, as he had to go to the bar to get it. I told him what a bad experience we had at the bar, to which he apologized. He came back moments later with the wine. He explained the menu, but never offered his name. We ordered appetizers and dinner as we enjoyed the bread and our drinks. Throughout most of our dinner, he was standing at the table next to us talking to another customer about his other job as an IT person, and about a business that he owned on the side. He only came back to us once ask if we needed more drinks and to inquire about our food. We still never got his name. My wife's dinner came with creme brulee, and she inquired if she could substitute for anything else. He told her no, and did not offer me any dessert options. He brought out the creme brulee and the check, and continued to talk to the guest next to us. At one point, one of the 4 hostesses came out to clear some tables as she ate a muffin. We paid and left. We asked if they validated parking, to which a hostess said "nope". One hostess said "thanks" as we were walking out the door. The food was great. The service left much to be desired.
We came into the bar for a few pre-dinner drinks. The place smelled like a sewer. We left immediately.
Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.
Chicago tradition spilling into Pittsburgh. Gotta give them points for that!
Stone is another gem in the crown of my recent wood fired pizza fetish. It's a great new pizzeria (a year old) in the heart of a burgeoning downtown. I swear there was no reason to come here a few years ago. I went with the margheria. The fresh mozzerella, basil, olive oil, and house-made marinara were all made from ingredients purchased locally at Penn-Mac (you have to go there), and they were all perfect. But the king was the crust. Freshly made and tossed right in front of us, and fire baked in a flash. The whole thing was made from scratch and on my table in about 8 minutes. The crust was simple, but very flavorful. The texture was crisp, but it didn't cut my mouth. The edges were chewy and bubbly. The best part: this 10"+ (probably more like 11" or 12") was $6.50. Holy sheeeeit. They could have reasonably charged $10 for this masterpiece. Seriously, I would have happily paid that.
Probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had, and definitely the worst service. They brought me and my wife back after I complained (something I RARELY do), and again, it was pathetic. Thank you to the GM for trying to keep our business, but your staff totally blew it.
We entered the lobby to see one desk agent on the phone. The other looked at us as we approached the desk, but did not greet us. We found out that the indoor pool was closed, but that the outdoor pool was open....when it was in the low 60's. As we approached our room, we saw a wet floor sign on the floor. The carpet might as well have been the swimming pool. Throughout our stay, no one ever came to shop vac up all the water. We were placed in a room next to the mechanical room, I think it was 165. The noise was so loud, that I called the desk. Dawn (I think) said she knew of no noise issues in that area, and said she was going to send maintenaince, but that never happened. Instead, we spent the whole night sleeping on rock hard pillows listening to screeching noises coming from the room next door.Quail Hollow is pretty outdated looking inside and out with uncomfortable beds and facilities which seem to be falling apart. The staff is as uncaring as any I've ever encountered, and the rooms are extremely overpriced. Avoid at all costs.
Excellent breakfast spot. Fun, kitschy, delicious. The pancakes are some of the best I've had.
Ten cent wing Thursdays! Not the best wings, but pretty damn good and real cheap!
The service was typical Pittsburgh: short, curt, slightly gruff, if not entertaining. The food was typical Pittsburgh as well: tasty, and well-prepared. So why the two stars? Sloooooooow. We waited for everything. Waited to get menus. Waited to put in orders. Waited for orders to come out. Waited for the check. Waited to get check picked up. Waited for check to come back.And I get it that it's ok to wait. But the restaurant wasn't busy, and we waited an inordinate amount of time for all these things. Speed things up and I'd add two more stars. Seriously.
I was in a recording studio across the street when the engineer recommended Smoke. I took the rest of the band's orders and called over. The woman answered the phone, and when I told her I was placing an order for pick up, she asked me to hold. She actually just put the phone down because I could still hear everything. I waited, and waited, and waited....FOR 22 MINUTES! I finally hung up and called back....15 TIMES! The phone was still off the hook. Why do you give a take-out menu with a phone number can't handle take-out business?!By this time we were starving, so I walked over. The woman asked me if she could help me. I responded that I was still on hold. She looked at the phone, and said, "we're swamped". I guess that's my fault. My order for eight tacos was quoted at a half hour. I asked her, "Come back in 30 minutes?". She said that I better not, and that she'd take my phone number because it would actually be longer. She was right. Nearly 80 minutes later....The tacos were big...I guess that's why they're $4 a piece, and pretty good. Just please get your service together!! I know you're busy! I know everyone likes your food! Hire some more people!!! You guys could easily get five stars from me.
I had the $99 full auto detailing done. They did a great job, but the most impressive part was the service. Joey noticed that I had nowhere to go, so he drove me to a nearby shopping plaza so I could hang out for a few hours, and then picked me up when my car was ready. Totally impressed, and highly recommended. What a great deal.
I always ate here sober, despite the recommendations I received. Though I've never eaten a cheesesteak in Philly, I assume this comes pretty damn close. Delicious!
I was pretty disappointed in Dish. My wife and I along with two friends had reservations for a Friday night. We got there a few minutes before our reservation, but still had to wait for over a half hour for a table without so much as a thank you or an apology. By the time we ordered, which was another 20 minutes or so, we were all starving. The waiter told us what the specials were, and I ordered one of them to which he replied "I'm sorry, but were all out of that". WTF?! Then why did you just recommend it? I then ordered something else. Also out. Third choice was a charm. A pork shank served on risotto I think. What I got was an over cooked hunk of pig fat, a giant pig bone, and some soupy rice. All of our food was pretty terrible.I don't know why Pittsburghers recommend this place. Any time I come by here, since it was about a block from my house, 3 to 6 staffers are just sitting outside puffing away on cigarettes. Disgusting. Overpriced. Crowded. Tiny. Disappointing.
Excellent breakfast in a totally non-ironic crummy diner. It's a long wait on weekends, but worth it.
One of the best beer selections, and one of the best burgers I've had. Go with the Renee burger. Tons of mushrooms and cheez whiz!
I moved from Chicago to Pittsburgh. This is the only place that I've gotten a true Chicago style hotdog outside of Chicago. Here, for some reason, they call it a "Golden Retreiver". They do it right with a Vienna Beef frank (though it's skinless) weighing in at a quarter pound! They even use the bright green relish and real sport peppers! The only thing they don't have is the poppyseed buns. Wash it down with a great beer from their vast selection, and you can't go wrong! This place has a great diner-style counter area, booths, and a nice couch area. Highly recommended!
Great place to get fresh fish and meat. But they also serve a killer fish sandwich which you can eat in a hidden dining room upstairs! It's like a half pound of fish!
When you drive 20 miles only to find out they actually close an hour earlier than the Yelp times say, you lose all cred. 1 star for you, Maxim's.
Five Guys does a fine job as far as chains are concerned. About the same quality, or maybe just below, as In-N-Out. The food quality of the burger was great, and the bun may have been the best part. The lettuce, however was slightly brown in areas and the tomato was terribly out of season. Good fries, but a small could feed four people. The amount of fries was ridiculous and gimmicky. I'd like to have seen this chain go for local beef, potatoes, and produce. That's a "gimmick" that would impress me more.
Mario's is better on weeknights. It gets waaaaay too packed on the weekends. Monday nights they have live music. It usually sucks!
My friend Justin swears by the food here. I never bought into it. The beer selection is one of the best in Pittsburgh though. Good crowd too. Not too many usual D-Bags like most of the Southside bars.
The food looks promising. It never seems to deliver on taste though. The staff always seems to be confused too. It's a great location though, and the people viewing is unmatched on the Southside.
Using pre-bought donut mix and charging way too much for them? Then all of this anti gay stuff? Wow, please do not go here. Ever.
I'm really struggling not giving this place one star, but I think the only thing that stopped me from doing that is not seeing Gordon Ramsay come running out of the kitchen screaming at the owners.We made reservations, and upon arrival, the hostess looked at her book, which was completely blank, and said, "oh somebody must have forgotten to write it down hahaha". After about 20 minutes, we were seated. Our first server came by after a very very long wait and took our drink order. After several minutes, she came back to tell us they were out of the beer I ordered. I ordered something else, this time another woman came out to say they were out of that and half the beers on the list. She then told us that the first round of drinks would be on them. This was a nice gesture, but we didn't come for free drinks. We got the boneless buffalo bites as an app. Pretty tasty. Two of us got onion soup, and two of us got a beef stew. When the soups came out, she warned us they were exremely hot. My stew was barely warm. Felt like it had been pulled out of a fridge and microwaved for 20 seconds on low heat. The onion soups were very very hot, but the flavor was pretty meh.As a main course, I went with the small plate crab cakes. They were well-seared, but they were very mushy inside. Probably a pretty low quality meat mixed with a bunch of filler. The sauce on top was the only saving grace. My wife got the chicken salad, and took about two bites. It was served with some pretty sad looking pink mushy out of season tomatoes. My friend got the beef stew pot pie thing, and they didn't even bring a spoon. It was basically a soup with a crust on top.Finally, I need to talk about the ridiculous prices here. $4.75 for a Yuengling? Come on. You can imagine how much the imports cost. Thank god our beers were free.
While living in Pittsburgh, I ate at many Primanti's, but this was my neighborhood location. Wife and I used to go there to watch games, or just hang out at the bar. Super awesome staff, hella cheap beer, great food....just wish they'd ban smoking inside.
Another place that my friend Justin always takes me to. The food is pretty average, and the beer isn't cheap. It's a bar, and the staff is ok for what it is I guess. I just don't get it.
This place really does it right. They have a small but focused menu, and the food is pretty basic: burgers, wings, pizza, and a few sides. But you can tell that they do everything from scratch and the quality is outstanding. I dare say the burger is better than Fatheads right down the street (also a great burger). Highly recommended!
Definitely my favorite place in the strip. I always buy cheese (she calls you "dearheart" and it even says it on the sticker, lol), olive oil, fresh bread, homemade pasta, and homemade sauce here. So great. I always try to check out in the line with the guy who has a picture of his cat too. My wife and I like to talk about cats with people. :/
I really don't get the hype. Jojo's is way better, as is Pamela's.
Bob's is a great little diner, with four locations in the Pittsburgh area. We ate at the McKee's Rocks location on our last visit to Pittsburgh. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by a view of all the breakfast goodies being cooked on the flat top. One thing to remember here: the portions are very big. My wife and I split a breakfast burrito made with fresh salsa, eggs, very spicy sausage, peppers, cheese etc. My only complaint would be the potatoes. They were definitely not needed. Our server was Dawn, who I also think was the manager. She was very friendly and attentive.
This place serves the typical Pittsburgh style sandwich. They happen to be one of the best at it though. Salami, egg, and cheese. Get it!Skip all the other food though. Their specials are usually pretty sub par.
Solid burgers, good sides, and good service. Our server had great recommendations on beer and burgers, and she wasn't wrong. There are tons of options, and I sampled a little of everything our party ordered. I'd recommend ordering a burger medium, as specified on the menu, as it wasn't super thick, so it was still nice and juicy without being raw-ish. The Southwest is great, as is the Heart Throb. The cheese curds were great, even though they were served with boring ranch sauce (get one of their signature sauces instead), and the fried mushrooms were decent too.I understand the place can get pretty busy, but we went on the night after Christmas and the entire downtown was dead. Lucky for us. Party of 8 seated immediately.Next time I will order one of their shakes too.
Kind of hit or miss. It can be a great place to belly up to the bar for cheap drinks and to catch a game. Or it can be rather ghetto. Usually the first one though!
Pretty good neighborhood bar! Even at 10am on a Sunday morning! Great wings, and good wraps. They have live music on the weekends...something that's going away at most places.
Great little local neighborhood bar with a bunch of regulars. But they all made us feel at home, and were super nice! It's small....really small. The bologna sandwich was really damn tasty!
Really cool concept, but nothing too original here. In Pittsburgh, there are bars, condos, concert venues, etc that were all once churches. The beer is great - get the munk dunkel, skip the mole stout - and you can take home a pony too!
I really love apple cider and wines. Really, they're the only wines I can handle. I'm kind of glad I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, otherwise I'd probably drink a growler a day. This place has some of the best cider I've ever had.
My wife and I went in around 9:45 pm on Friday night, only to find that it was going to be at least an hour before we got a table. We were a bit too tired to wait that long, so we came back the next night around 6. After about a 70 minute wait at the bar (at which we luckily got seats right away), we were sat. Our server, Seena, was very helpful as it was our first time there. The menu was full of some great sounding burgers, but we both decided to build our own using their cool little checklist system. I went with the wagyu beef, crusted in peppercorns, with spicy ketchup, red onion, and dill served on the standard brioche. I wanted to keep it pretty simple for my first time. I also upgraded to the fries. Glad I did, they were fresh cut, and fried perfectly.The burger was great, although I think I accidentally ordered it well done. Definitely order it medium or rare. Even so, it was still pretty juicy. The bun was soft but stable. It didn't break or mush up under the pressure. I washed it all down with a chocolate shake. Possibly one of the best shakes I've had, although there was a bit too much whipped cream.Over all, it was a pretty great burger and dining experience. The service at the bar was so-so, but that's Pittsburgh for you.
We were told that cats "have the dirtiest mouths of all animals". And that if our cat bit the groomer that "she'd be out of work". Wow. A simple, "sorry we don't groom cats" would have been sufficient. Slightly overpriced too, which I'm normally willing to overlook when it comes to supporting local business. But the snotty girl behind the counter was way too much of a turn off for my wife and I who just moved to the area. Terrible customer service.
Probably the best ice cream place I've been to. These guys have been hyped up by everybody, but it's all for good reason.
It's a little like Buffalo Wild Wings, but it's not national....yet. They serve the best wings I've ever had at a chain restaurant, and they play all the games! You get a Twizzler with your check. Cool.
Food is decent, and the drinks are ok. Not a hugh selection, but not bad either. The staff can be a little salty though.
Great sounding venue. Nice Monday open mic. Seems a little clique-ish, but there is some great talent that comes through from time to time. I played here with two bands too. The house sound guy kind of sucked for us because we weren't "pro" enough for him. Dick.
Best pizza in Pittsburgh. Nice staff, and good beer selection. The variety changes a lot, but they'll always give you samples! You can buy growlers full of good stuff for fairly cheap, and get refills for even cheaper!
Some of the freshest and best subs I've had. The beefy cheesy is rad.
Hit or miss. The service is ok, but the food can be pretty bad.
The service is hit or miss, but the food is almost always great. The staff was all eating lunch at the same time one day when we came in. They had to fight over who was going to get up to seat and serve us.
Winghart's is yet another addition to specialty burger places in Pittsburgh. They have a very nice beer selection, and the service was fast and friendly. After an appetizer of Tatonka dip, my wife and I split the shipwreck burger which has brie, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. We got it cooked medium, and it came out more medium rare inside and well done outside. I was expecting more flavors from all the amazing toppings, but I think they were shadowed by the burnt outside of the patty. The fresh cut fries were some of the best I've ever had anywhere.One big complaint is that they only give you enough pita wedges for half of the buffalo dip. She came by when we were finishing one of the last ones, and said, "Would you like more pita? It's $1.99". So they knowingly do this just to get an extra $2 out of you. For this reason, I'm dropping them to 2 stars. It's just a really shady business practice.
My family and I sat in a booth, at 4:30ish, for 10 minutes waiting to see a server.  Got up and left, went to CK's instead!
Incredible place!  These guys know there stuff and are full of great advice.The store is packed full of BBQ equipment, smokers, wood chips, charcoal, sauces, spices, and everything you can imagine.On several occasions I've asked for recommendations of new rubs/spices/sauces to try, and they're yet to steer me wrong.  Thanks guys.
Fair and honest company , with integrity and great customer service.SMK Electric changed out a couple old circuit breakers that have been troubling my home for quite some time.  They showed up on time and were clean and thorough with the work.  Thank You!
This is a very nice library. However, be aware of the books, DVDs, CDs your checked out. Always double and triple check the condition before you check out. Otherwise, you will be fined for the damage it was already there.It happened to me and I paid big price on it. I was also humiliated by the way the person in charge of customer services talked to me.There were two incidents. Last year I was in a rush and borrowed several tour books on self check-out machine. I noticed there was brown stain on two books. However, I thought it was probably OK to check out those books since they were on the shelf with other books. BIG MISTAKE. When I returned those books, I got a big fine on the two books. I explained to the person in charge of customer service there was already stain on these two books when I checked out. She insisted I am the one made the damage and needed to pay for them. I paid the fine and learned the lesson to ask the librarian to put a note if there is damage on the item I check out from then on.It happened again. I returned a vedio game I borrowed for my kids today. I went to the customer service in person to let them know there was a hole on the back cover when I checked out. The same person talked to me a year ago accused me right away that the staff would never give me an item like that without even looked at my account. I explained to the lady what had happened. At the moment we borrowed the vedio game we did not notice the damage on the back cover until we were driving home. When we got home my kids also notifed me that there is a missing menu. I called the library and reported on the same day. The lady put a note on the missing menu and said it is common to have damage on the DVD cover. A few weeks later, I was checking out some items and I asked the staff to checked the note I asked to put on the video game. She told me the note only mentioned the missing menu without a word about the damaged back cover, I begged her to put the note about the hole on the back cover. Otherwise, I will be fined when I return it. Now I am terrified that this whole thing is not over. The video game was from other library. The costomer service will wait till what that libray says. PLEASE BE AWARE THE ITEM YOU CHECK OUT. REFUSE TO TAKE ANY ITEM HAS BEEN DAMAGED OR INSIST TO PUT A NOTE ON THAT ITEM ABOUT ITS CONDITION. I LEARN THIS IN A HARD WAY AND HOPE IT WILL NOT HAPPEN TO YOU.
So waxing obviously isn't as big a thing for guys as girls but my experience with Courtney was honestly awesome. She is great at what she does and is super knowledgeable and experienced. You really do feel comfortable around here and can talk about anything and she's super cool about it. Experience was as painless as I imagine it can be, even for a first time wax. Highly recommend!!!
This place is wonderful! Crepes can be made gluten feee, and you have options to fill with meats, veggies, and sweets! I had the chipotle chicken, and crepe was just so light and delicious, and the filling with chicken and salad was so fresh! Also tried the chicken basil, equally delicious. Food comes out pretty quick considering they make it fresh in front of you. Plenty of room to sit inside and eat for groups of 4, and some tables outside. They use beepers to let you know when it's ready. Wish they had a place like this up in NY. Already want to go here again, try this place!
Very nice golf course at an excellent value. This place is my go-to course in the valley. Katie
I have been here twice and I love this place! They have lots of vegetarian options, their teriyaki tofu tastes great and the brown rice is the best I have had in Toronto. It is not very busy and they place classical music which makes for a very relaxing atmosphere. Highly recommended.
Unbeatable price and good salads. Unhealthy unchangeable deep fried veggie option and rude service.I asked if I could switch the deep fried veggie ball for some extra sallad,  the lady roled eyes and muttered something along the Iines of "oh my God it is three salads for five dollars,  no substitutions".
I usually never write reviews but I felt the need to do so because of some of the reviews. I am a licensed cosmetologist and have worked at 5star resorts for years doing nails. With that said I am very picky, I will admit, when it comes to getting my nail done. I have walked out of places mad, sad and even in tears. When this place went in by me I passed by so many times because of past experiences. Something kept telling me to go in. I had Ivy do my nails. I don't ever tell people I use to do nails unless I know them. Without saying anything I explained how I like my nails done. Ivy said very nicely yes ok anything you like. She had such a variety to chose from!! My first thing I noticed. Also very clean! Which is very important to me!! Being a nail tech myself you know from the acrylic application if they are going to be good or not. I could tell by then I would be happy! I have never been so impressed!! I even told her at the end she should be working in the 5star resorts I did! Even my husband said WOW! I love your nails, for the first time I actually really like them! Ok my husband could really care less how my nails look but he loved what Ivy did!! I've had pedicures which I loved too! Ivy always makes time for me! If anyone complains about time it's because EVERYONE I see asks me where I get my nails done! I send them here!! People drive across the valley for her and her staff! This is why she is always busy. I hesitate to write this honest review in fear I won't get in lol being in the industry I highly praise anyone who is great at their job, and do NOT believe in bashing someone to draw business to my own place of business!! It should be obvious to anyone who gets their nails done if there is a wait IT IS BECAUSE ITS WORTH THE WAIT!! I am a set in my ways kinda girl. When Ivy had another tech do my 3D design I was very hesitant!! But to my surprise Linda was as equally amazing!! They are all good and take their job seriously and with pride! I highly recommend this place!! I've never been anywhere else since!! I even found out some ex co workers(nail techs) go here too! Yes we are picky when your in the industry but remember if we are going ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY! Thx to all you amazing friendly fun ladies! And for treating my daughter the same as you treat anyone who comes in! A must visit if you love your nails ladies!! Love you Ivy and your staff!!
Best meal I have ever had in this contrived town chasing dollars all possible ways. The real Japanese Deal and the beat sake list I have seen outside of Japan. Soft shell crab, Japanese  squash, eggplants, roe and rice, real unprocessed Japanese tofu and more.Wonderful experience and away from the Disney land environment if the strip.
I have only eaten here once although service was fine and the food very good. Great veggie dolmas, lentil soup and baba ganoush.
FnB is wonderful. I eat here each time I come from CO to Scottsdale. Eclectic funky and tasty menu. Local wines and beer and suburb service. International wine list upon request. I can eat several appetizers in lieu of an entree for the variety. Ron Guillot
Not much for funky eclectic food and few healthy options. I was unimpressed although service was good.Ron Guillot
Wonderful eclectic and fun beer and wine list along with an open nice patio. Service was right-on and my 3 courses worth many returns. I hope to be in Cleveland again so I may return to Crop Kitchen.I drank and IPA and 2 tasty Saisons. The soup was massive, vegan and filled with flavors. I wrote notes on the warm salad hoping to duplicate it at home and the udon noodle bowl as tasty and most Japanese restaurants.
Very poor service Got Pancakes and egg after 20 minsAsk without meets and the bring me that with meet Got the food without fort and knife Not recommend ! Food was ok!
Last weekend we saw a huge chiminea at this store with a price tag on it of $850 and next to it a 30% off sale sign. We went inside and asked if the sale price applied to it and were told it did. We asked about delivery to Tucson and were told none was available. The next day we returned and one of the employees helped us measure it and our SUV to see if we could transport it ourselves. It was too large. Back in Tucson I called them a day later and I was given the name of a delivery service they use. It was extremely expensive and we then put a bid on UShip.com. We then contracted for a delivery and called Mexicana Rose to arrange a pick up time and make the purchase by credit card. We were rudely told it was not for sale, it was a one of a kind antique and irreplaceable and would  cost $1500.00 to transport. STAY AWAY, THESE FOLKS ARE CRAZY!!!!
Setting off to San Diego on a Thursday evening, my girlfriend and I decided to eat here before setting out for Yuma.  It wasn't busy, the ambiance was relaxed and the overall atmosphere was very comfortable.The wine list is a little overpriced but, on the whole, we ended up with a $30 Zinfandel that we paid $70 for - a good wine but not really worth that price!We decided to split the beet salad, a good choice as it would more salad than either of us would have eaten alone.  It was fresh, the greens, beets, walnuts and cheese all blended well with the dressing.  She ordered the trout and I ordered the cavatelli.  Both were nicely presented and well balanced plates.  She ended up liking the cavatelli more than the trout, so I ended up eating more of that which was okay with me as I thought it was excellent.The staff was attentive and polite, the food was better than average and the overall experience was very pleasant. I only wish they could brew a decent cup of coffee...
I love ground control, a great local coffee shop. The owner there is so knowledgeable I can simply sit there and listen to him talk forever. The coffee there he roasts himself which gives the beans a taste of their own. I love the gingerbread blended a gentlemen made for me its to die for! :) warm and welcoming staff.
We like eating pizza but what we got from this place was not pizza.  The pizza had a disgusting flavour and bread sticks weren't puffy and there wasn't any parmesan topping on them.  The employee was rude and thought she was the best thing to happen to pizza since pepperoni. I would not suggest eating at this restaurant of you're human.  My dog was ok with it but even he didn't feel right after.
I got amazing service from one if the sales reps. Prompt accurate and made me feel comfortable throughout the buying process. I am going to go back there again when I get my next car.
It was really decent food. I just wish the price point matched the food I was buying. If it was a bit cheaper then i would have given it another star
Based on Yelp! reviews, we went to this place and were extremely happy with our choice. My gf had the steak ranchero, and I had the chile verde.  Both dishes were well prepared and tasty.  And consider that in LA where we live, we have many choices for Mexican cuisine.  Yet, Que Mas easily stands up to any of them.  The curious thing for us is that we dined around 8:30 p.m. on a Sunday night.  We were the only diners in the place.  Worried that the food quality might suffer because of the slow business, we found that are worries were misplaced.  The food flavors couldn't have been more satisfying.  Give this place 4.5 stars at least.
Brand could be a much better restaurant if the kitchen staff paid closer attention to what comes out to the diners' tables.  My gf ordered a Caesar Salad that cost $14.  It had a handful of Romain leaves, a small piece of Parmesan cheese, and two croutons.  Are you kidding me?  Who let that dull salad out of the kitchen?  My salad, the wedge was really quite good.  However, my medium-rare strip steak was a gristly unappetizing mess hardly worth being served at an all-night diner.  We spoke to the manager, John, who was very attentive to our concerns, and he not only listened, but also "did right by us."  So give the management some credit.  Might return, but that's iffy.
The vegan chicken wrap is delicious! It was the most flavorful vegan thing I've eaten all year. I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu!
My kids get so excited when I tell them we are going to Biscuits Cafe. They love the chocolate chip pancakes. There is never a wait service is always quick. The staff is amazing and remembered us after only 2 visits. This place is great!
I moved here from another state and had to find a place to live in a hurry. I saw this place on line, fell in love with the floor plan, had my daughter come check it out, which she had done for many others and did not find anything she liked. When she came here I received a two word text that simply said "love it", that was it. The place is just as nice as it shows on line, they do not photoshop the pictures to sell you on the apartments.  The maintenance staff is wonderful, I had a few minor issues when I moved in and they came and fixed it immediately. The girl in the office was wonderful, there was a bit of a mix up with my move in date as there was a new girl in the office. The girl that was there fixed everything within minutes to help me get in that day. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is the office office are not very good for those of us that work and need to pick up packages. Most complexes have hours until at least 6 and usually 1 night they stay open until 6:30 or 7:00. Not opening until 8:30 most people have to leave for work earlier than that and do not get home until after 5:30 so you have to wait until Sat to pick-up something that may have been delivered on Monday. I fixed the problem with just having packages sent to my daughters apartments which has hours until 6:00 and she can get home in time to pick them up.
Great time seeing my favorites GTA at Hakkasan and huge thank you to our Promoter, Jonathan! We were able to enjoy the night dancing away and enjoyed a few complimentary drinks. The 'wait' time was non-existent, since we were escorted in. This club's layout is a lot different than the clubs in Las Vegas. It has levels which is interesting. Overall I really like this place. The crowd was a bunch of convention nerds which was a great one. It tends to get a little packed on the dance floor but we did go on a busy weekend. What Stay's in Vegas Tip: Go through Jonathan!
My boy Guy Fieri failed me. It's okay, I still love you and you are my Internet icon. I was really excited to try this restaurant out as it was in our Hotel we were staying at, shout out to the Linq and always seeing videos of the Mac and Cheese burger. Our wait was a little longer than expected, our fault for going at the end of lunch rush but I was able to kill time at the blackjack table. When we were finally seated we were welcomed with a good ol' Taylor Swift blasting over the speakers. Haha Vegas, okay. The menu was pretty pricey but again... Haha Vegas, okay. I ended up going with my fat kid self and got the mac and cheese burger. OMFG that thing was so SALTY - it was saltier than me... Of course it being so salty I was super thirsty and our waitress never stopped by the table to refill our waters until after we got the bill, even tried to wave her down a few times. The food was okay, not the best and our service S-U-C-K-E-D.Overall, make sure you're hydrated and definitely try the fries. Those were the highlight of the visit... ALSO, I love my girl Taylor Swift, but hearing her 4 times during our visit is much. LOL. Tasty Tip: Go to McDonalds, at least you'll get an emoji pillow in your happy meal.
The service here was very rude. She rolled her eyes at me the whole time! I do not appreciate customer service like this could use so much improvement. Subs are great though. A pen station would never do this to me.
Rapid quick response time to request for quote.  Came out next day to provide estimate.  Was able to schedule work for the next week, and completed work in one day.  Looks amazing and the process was amazing.
Dr Bernie Mangone is phenomenal with my pets!  The staff is loaded with compassion and understanding.  Dr Bernie provides all possible options in treatment and understands that cost may be a factor for us Seniors.  He takes as much time as you (the pet parent) as you need.I've been with Palm Glen since 2009, and I'm always pleased with the excellent attention to me and my pets.  During this time, 3 of my kitties have needed to cross over the Rainbow Bridge, and the compassion from Dr Bernie and the staff was wonderful in helping me during a difficult time.Thanks Dr Bernie and staff for all your care and compassion!
Victoria is a marvelous person who helps her clients using multiple healing modalities.  I started treatment with Victoria in June 2013. After seeing several doctors and finding no relief from my chronic pain I found Victoria.  My first visit with Victoria provided pain relief within minutes.  Since my pain is chronic due to a bad back and fibromyalgia, I was very happy that relief was available.  I'll be honest here, my pain isn't completely gone, but it's much more tolerable now, my mood is much better, and my depression has lifted.  I am getting out more and doing more things!  Victoria uses acupuncture, acupressure, Reiki, and Chinese auricular medicine to ease my pain.  If you're looking for relief from pain, Victoria is the person for you.  I always feel uplifted after my sessions with Victoria!!
Ever had service so shit that you can't even waste your time writing a review? Is that what you want?Save yourself some money and hassle by going to enterprise.
I wandered into this hole-in-the-wall and ordered a gyro and kibbe.  This turned out to be way too much food given the very generous portions.  The food was solid - no frills but tasty.  The very friendly gentleman at the register likes to chat with the regulars.  He offered me extra pita to eat with my kibbe free of charge.  I don't find myself in Oakland often, but I would definitely consider a return visit when I am.
Something has changed at Dijlah.  I don't know if it's new management or new cooks, but there is something different about the food.  Unfortunately it's not an improvement.  We used to stop by fairly regularly, but now it has fallen out of our usual restaurant rotation.
This review is based on the combination of two visits.The first was a weekday lunch:  Walked over from  Children's and the place was empty. We were seated right away and the jerk chicken crepe that I ordered arrived quick and was fairly tasty. The second was a weekend brunch:  The cafe was semi-full but one table and the bar seating were available. We were seated quickly and ordered soon  after -- so far so good.Then came the wait. We waited for over 45 minutes for two orders of French toast - one savory and one sweet.  When they finally arrived, they were disappointing.  The berry topping on mine was half frozen.  My wife did not care for her spanakopita French toast.In summary:  Not a bad choice for a quick lunch, but I recommend looking elsewhere when it comes to brunch.
The first thing I ever ate from La Gourmandine was one of their delicious sandwiches on a fresh baked baguette.  I ate it on the floor of my new Lawrenceville home even before the moving truck arrived.Since then, my wife and I have frequented this bakery often for sandwiches, quiche, and pastries.  You can't go wrong here.
Are you under 18 and have an abrasive personality? Do you have zero professional experience? Look no further. Carowinds wants to hire you!  My overall Carowinds experience: unimpressed. I only wish the employees cared more about the experiences of the guest. I encountered one employee on the ground "taking a nap" while using his phone. Another employee said "don't come at me like that" when I brought a complaint to their attention - Robert from WindSeeker, I'm looking at you. Linda from Guest Services - you're a gem, but I unfortunately won't have a chance to use those front of the line passes because I won't be returning.
Amazing customer service. I had a minor problem with some previous work and they fixed it on the spot for free. No questions asked!
I took my dog to get groomed here yesterday. He was there from 1030 til 345 and his hair looks terrible. It is uneven, it looks like he has a Mohawk. You would think after being there for so long, he would have one of the best haircuts ever.  Nope.
Cox cable charges as much as Comcast but has a vastly smaller selection in On Demand. Also, the screen will freeze up for no reason and the only way out is to u plug the power from the cable box and plug back I. And wait for it to come back up.
I loved this show!!! I grew up in the 80's so i dressed up like Madonna and had Michael Jackson everything. I was so thrilled to see how great the performers did their job, because i felt like i was n front of the real performers. The whole show was great . I want to go back and take my grown kids, so so recommend it.
Taco El Gordo on the strip are the BEST BY FAR. Omg have to go back again. If you want really good tacos authentic come here.
I usually order the hazelnut chocolate milk tea, but the two times I've had it at this location, both times had powder that had not been dissolved properly in clumps floating around in my drink, almost causing me to choke.  Also, the line-ups at this place are quite insane and I have only ever come twice on very off times to not have to line up (i.e. 4:45pm on a weekday and late evening on a weekday).I find the Warden location to make their drinks better, but there's also huge lineups at that place.
Came here once to pick up dinner.  Friendly service and decent food.  Will likely come back again to try their other menu items.
I have been coming here for years.  They have good-priced combos with the salmon combo and bulgogi combos being my favourites.  Got takeout once and they included the extras (minus ice cream) that you normally get when dining in.The service has also always been friendly.
I've been there three times on account of living so close.  The first time, was to purchase macrons, which were delicious.  However, I did not like the fact that the person that I've deduced as the owner practically gave me a lecture about how their macrons were made of organic ingredients, no sugar, blah blah blah.  I read this on your website already.  I wasn't really looking for conversation in the first place so this speech made it awkward.  The check out process took forever too.  I also got a milk bottle, which tasted like eating cake filling from a bottle.The second time I went, I specifically went just for the souffle.  However, I apparently went at a bad time or something (a Friday night), because I was told that they were not making souffle.  So, I ordered a creme brulee instead while my husband ordered a cupcake.  The creme brulee took forever to be served, though was not bad - but not anything special either, I actually felt like it was a bit too large a portion.  I was very upset to see souffles being served to other tables after being told that I could not order one!The third time, which was several months after the second time, last week, I went again just to try the souffle.  However, it was like 4:30 on a weekday and the "head chef" was apparently out so I could not have a souffle, again.  Since my husband had used their bathroom, I felt obligated to purchase something and was going to get a cupcake, but apparently those are made to order as well.  Why would you remain open if you are not able to prepare half your menu?  The server behind the counter kept on trying to convince me to try some kind of pumpkin matcha item, which did not look very good, to be honest.  I was also asked if I had a loyalty stamp card, and was told about the rewards, which I agree with another reviewer on, insulting.  I left feeling angry how I was STILL unable to try the souffle after two separate attempts, but now upon reading reviews, feel glad that I didn't waste my time.I am with the other reviewer who is surprised at how they are able to remain open with such ridiculous policies.
I came here with my husband around 8pm on a Wednesday evening and the place was quite busy.  We pretty much had to seat ourselves and we did not even get a menu until my hubby walked up to the front and got it himself.  We ordered a tomato basil soup, baked ziti and a gnocchi, which took ages to arrive (but in all fairness the ziti was baked which was probably the cause for delay).  The food wasn't spectacular and the ziti was still scorching hot after 30 min of mouth burning.What made the experience not amazing was the fact that the table next to ours kept on sending dish after dish back The two servers were bending over backward to appease this group of elderly nitpicks, who kept on insisting that nothing be cooked with oil. For Pete's sake, don't eat out if you can't eat oil!  They sent back enough food to feed another party of three to five.  This pretty much made the service to all other tables non-existent, which did not make a good first impression.
Came here back in December with a group of co-workers for dinner.  Immediately upon being seated, we were informed that the very table we were sitting at had a reservation for 8:30.  Since our reservation was at 6, we didn't think that would be a problem.  However, half our co-workers were stuck in the ridiculous traffic that day and did not even make it to the restaurant until 7.While we were waiting, the servers brought around opened bottled water and asked if we wanted water.  Not knowing that it was going to be charged (they also did not say that it was going to be charged when asking), we said yes.The food was decent, but nothing spectacular. Service was standard, took forever to flag down the waitress so we could order.  She even ended up skipping over a couple people and we had to flag her back again.However, the reason for my 1-star review is the fact that at the end of our meal, when we got the bills, we got slapped with a $30 dollar water bill, despite the bottles NOT being left at the table after being poured - meaning they could have either filled the bottles back up with tap water and/or gave the water we were paying for to other tables without our knowledge.  The aforementioned reservation at 8:30 ended up not showing up, which we were suspicious of in the first place.  Also, the tip was included in the separate bills, which the waitress proceeded to round our totals up to the nearest dollar when we asked her to add $3 per person to each of our bills due to the preposterous water bill.
Yuck - this the first time I've ever left a review, and with the food and service combined I'm compelled to let others no, don't come hereFood review - Yuck.... How about no stars. My wife and both my kids, we all got plates, say down and ate, and after about to bites in nobody was eating. The waitress even asked us as she was taking away all our plates full of food why we didn't like it. Then she quickly walked away and came right back with our check. Didn't offer to discount it out not charge is or anything, just apologized as she handed us the check.Service - the waitress all walk towards you as if you the customer should move out of their way. They did it to my children as well! Almost knocked my six year old daughter over because they didn't stop to let her by. I asked for lots of ice in my tea, I got a couple cubes.
My wife has been dreaming of a hot air balloon since we moved to the Phoenix valley and saw the balloons flying over head everyday. This year, I decided to take her on a ride for her birthday. I wasn't sure what to expect from Float Balloon Tours since we have never done this sort of thing. Im sure glad we did choose them though.They served us coffee before we went up to keep us warm. They let us participate in actually inflating the balloon! When we landed, we were greeted by the rest of the staff who setup some tables, decorated them with sprigs from the surrounding bushes, and prepared us a delightful breakfast. I thought it would be a cheap breakfast like oatmeal or a small box of cereal, but they went all out and prepared a full meal for us right there in the desert! Wonderful staff; they are energetic and talk with you the whole time. Our experience was so great that we have no desire to try the other balloon tours out there. We will DEFINITELY be taking another ride in fall with Float Balloon Tours again.Highly recommendedIf there is anything negative about Float Balloon Tour, it would have to be that they dont emphasize enough on their site what all your going to get for your money. They have a photographer that rides around taking pictures of us the entire time; the staff are extremely happy to be doing their part which says a lot about a company (if its employees are happy, they must be treated well which means they are going to be happy to treat you well). A pilot that is has been doing this for many, many years and is fun as well as funny.
I agree with "r l.", you never know what you'll get with the internet. I order probably 90% of the things I use and own from the internet and I'll definitely be back to Princeton should I ever need another watch. Good service, correct product, lowest price I've ever seen on my Citizen eco-drive... everything was done the way things ought to be: as advertised and no b.s.
Best BEC croissant I've ever had, consistently. Great coffee to go with it. Love the atmosphere, cozy for meeting clients or getting work done via free wifi.
My friend and I got here about 1pm and it was BUSY. They told us the wait would be 40 minutes, but we actually waited 60 minutes before being seated. The people at the front apologized and tried to explain why it was such a long wait, but I didn't fault them. It was busy and a nice day. People probably wanted to sit for a while and enjoy their lunch! My friend and I both ordered a cocktail. A pineapple drink and I ordered a cucumber citrus margarita. My drink was stronger than I thought it would be, but it was still refreshing and good. We ordered the kale avocado dip to start. Boy, was that dip delicious!!! We both split the Mediterranean salad and the quinoa burger. Both dishes were delicious. The salad was refreshing and light. The burger was definitely filling. I loved the hummus on top of the burger. With the burger, they let you have half of the sides they offer. So, I got half kale salad and half sweet potato hash. The kale salad had a sweet flavor to it, you can taste the lemon. It was delicious. The sweet potato hash was definitely good. I ended up mixing the hash and kale together. Yum!! For dessert, we ordered the flourless chocolate cake. OMG!! There was Carmel at the bottom of the cake and it was topped with vanilla ice cream. The flavors mixed extremely well together. I enjoyed this place so much, I'm actually coming back for dinner tomorrow with my sister-in-law, so she can taste how amazing this place was! Also, I REALLY want to try their chia pudding!
This pace never fails to have delicious. I used to love coming here. The service used to be great and then donuts were on point. Now, when I give reviews I take into consideration customer service and the food. For me, customer service is number one. The food can be a ok, but the service can make that three to five and if the food is bomb with alright service it can go from a 5 to a 3. This review is based on my last experience at this place. I went in and got my fave, maple bar and a few other kinds for my co-workers. I believe I have left my wallet at the location and I called around 1pm and asked if I had left it there. The guy who answered the phone, laughed at me! And said, no wallet. He. Laughed. At. Me. For what?! To me, that was uncalled for. Turned that delicious 5 star rating if delicious donuts down to a 3 star rating and a me not coming back.
I've been here two times. The first time, so delicious. If I were to have done my yelp review it would have been five stars at the time. My second time at this place not so much. My food simply wasn't not as amazing as it was the first time. I ordered about sandwich this time and honestly, it came out about room temperature. A little disappointing.
We went here for the breakfast buffet. The potatoes, broccoli and create your own omelette was good. I wish they had a tad more fresh options. They had baked goods there but they didn't taste fresh, they tasted stale which was disappointing. I would go back and try the menu side and see if maybe I liked the food better.
I went here this a.m for the first time in a date. We shared a lemon blueberry pancake for an appetizer cause well, you need an appetizer for breakfast. We got the smaller size and it was still HUGE. So dang good tho. I got the heart healthy wrap and it was DELICIOUS. It had egg whites, back, avocado and yams. Healthy and on point. The person I went with got the California crab omelette and I tried the potatoes that came with the omelette and those were life. This place was good and I'd legit be coming back.
I've been to other locations and the other locations the donuts were bomb. Moist and fresh and delicious. Today, I check this location out and I was disappointed af. The donuts I got were so dry. They tasted as if they were stale. Made me so sad. I won't be getting my future donuts from here.
I love this place! They seriously have the best tacos. On Tuesdays they have $2 tacos and $5 ritas. How could you not go?! I like their fish taco and their veggie tacos. They have a select list for their taco Tuesday deal but they still have a few to choose from. They also give you one free bowl of chips and then I believe it's $2 after that, or something. It does get CRAZY busy. So, have patience when you come here. It is worth it tho.
I came here for a breakfast panini. I got egg whites, provolone and bacon. It was delicious. I asked for tomatoes and they forgot but, I'd still be coming back here. Next I want to try their lunch paninis.
Had lunch here today. In and out is always good. I decided to do a review on this place because of the staff. The place was packed for lunch and I had both of my children with me. They actually came up to me and asked what my order number was and brought the food out to me. That was so awesome of them to do that!
I love this place fo sho. I mean, anyone can craft a diet Dr Pepper with sugar free coconut but then cookies tho, BOMB. I love their cookies and their seasonal ones are my fave. I some reason have myself convinced that I NEED a seasonal cookie anytime they come out because what if they don't bring that seasonal cookie back? I mean, no one wants that kind of negativity in their lives. My fave cookie so far is the chocolate chip cookie with their pumpkin cream cheese frosting (seasonal). Oh YASSSS.
We went here for dinner on a Friday night (crazy). The food was alright. Most of our meals were cold when we got the orders. I think because we were a big party, maybe some of word food was done before others and it was probably sitting out, maybe? The server was overwhelmed with the number of guest she was serving and I understood. I would have like to see better customer service skills. Such as, thank you for waiting, thank you for being patient and so on. When the food was brought out, that was a hot mess. There was a lot of confusion on who ordered what and then meals were coming out that we didn't order. It was just getting mixed up.
Every time I come here, I eat so much, I leave feeling sick! I eat so much because he food tastes so damn good. Their pizzas, pastas, salads, appetizers, and pizza cookie never ever disappoint.
I took the Elders here for Taco Tuesday! The taco prices were legit and the tacos were pretty good. We didn't have a wait for a table and we also didn't have a long wait for the food. As other people's food came out, from what I can see, it looked good as well. I would come back here and not just for Taco Tuesday.
I was in a dire need of a bagel breakfast sandwich. I love that when I ordered, I got to order what ever the f*ck I wanted. Total customizable. I got a plain bagel toasted with cream cheese, egg whites, bacon, and tomatoes. It was on point. Straight up tasted like something I would have made but I didn't actually have to make it. They had a selection of bagels to choose from. I would definitely go back and try one of their flavored bagels.
I think this is my new fave Mexican food place. I got the naked margarita and it was the best marg I've ever had. The naked one had agave and fresh lime juice. It was delicious. I ordered the low carb chicken dinner. Their chicken is a thin breast grilled. It was actually really good. The veggies were ok. The description said grilled veggies but it was steamed veggies, which I like but I was expecting grill. The other person I went with got a burrito fundito or something. I think it had a cream cheese sauce. I snuck a bite and it was DELICIOUS. If I wasn't on a diet, I would have torn that up. I definitely would be coming back here and y'all should check it out too.
I. Love. This. Place. I'm so glad they're in Chandler now. I used to hate going to the Tempe location because of traffic. Now, I can enjoy this place in Chandler. I ordered a sangria here and it was refreshing and delicious. My friend and I started with the bruschetta and they were all delicious. The Spanish and pesto one were my fave. We then shared a pizza and the crust was delicious. I know, I know, I judge a pizza based on its crust. We went there for my friend's birthday and apparently you get a free dessert for a birthday. SCORE! So, we got the brownie pazooki and that was bomb.com. This place is seriously so good and I'll be coming back fo sho.
This place is bomb.com. My son and I loved it!! His fave ways the garlic knots, which by the way have tons of garlic, yum!! I got a slice, I don't remember which one. It was square and it was topped with basil and provolone. When I go back, I want to try the ziti slice!
Just your normal burger joint. It's great to go if you have children. It's definitely children friendly. I really like their avocado chicken con salad. I order mine without the bacon and eggs and it becomes a healthy delicious salad while everyone is eating a burger
I love pita jungle! Sometimes the service isn't the best here but overall I've had avoid experience. I love their sangrias and I love their grilled chicken. My son loves their Mac n cheese. We always get the turtle cheesecake when we come here.
I love this place! The breakfast are delicious and the lunches are amazing. I love their black bean burgers for lunch and their breakfast sandwiches for the morning. I love that they have a drive thru. It's convenient and they don't sacrifice taste with it.
My son loves this place. The train ride is only $2 per person. Well, $2 per ticket and it requires one ticket, soooo. They even have a snack bar at the park. I never ordered from it but a lot of people seem to. If I lived closer to this park, we would visit it more often. We defi rosy plan trips to come back, eat lunch at the park and just have some good play time.
This place is ghetto. Straight up. I went this afternoon to go to The Body Shop. I love that place. Anyways, the mall just seemed dirty. Some of the stores had hand written signs out instead of actual signs. It seemed like a lot of the stores inside were independently owned. Which, isn't a terrible idea but if I'm at the mall, I'm clearly looking for some stores that I'm familiar with. And, this mall had some. Just seemed more fun down shops than anything. Oh, and the food court? What the heck? Bummed for sure. I seriously think I'll be driving out to Chandler mall if I want to hit up The Body Shop.
This place frustrates me. I've gone in three times to get some type of service. One service was a polish change, and they took my in because the service is quick and easy. The other two times, I've been refused at the time because of the wait. I have o my tried to go in the salon during the week days and around 2/3pmish. It's frustrating because it didn't happen one time but two times. I wouldn't have mind waiting in the location for them to finish but they sent me on my marry way.
I originally thought this place was great. My food tastes great and the prices weren't bad. I got a bacon cheeseburger with blue cheese and some fries and a coke. It was all bomb. Towards the end of my night, my friend and I both got sick. We both got burgers from here and now we are laying in the bed sick AF. We are sure we got food poisoning. That's why I rated this place a 1.
I like that this place has a relaxed vibe. Just hang out and drink some beers. The people next to our group said they had the best onion rings, eva. I didn't give em' a try, but I'll take their word for it.
Delicious!! They serve warm crusty bread, that's should be enough to come back. Ha. I've tried this place twice. The first time I ordered cheese ravioli with Alfredo sauce. So delicious and the portion was huge. I could not finish enough. You get salad with your meal. I liked that it was an actual crips green salad and not from a bag with iceberg lettuce. The second time I came here, I was still impressed. Horde red the chicken Marsala and my checkin was juicy, tender, and of course delicious.
This place is like my new fave place. The prices change depending on the time of day. It can be a tad pricy but if you go in group setting, it's totally reasonable. You can play for an hour at a time, and you can add after that is up. Or, you can just set a specified time frame. The atmosphere here is fun and it's a good time. The food tho, is delicious. I love the mushi. It's a burrito that is cut like sushi. It's delicious. My son loves the donut holes. You get to inject it with flavors. Delicious.
I went here to try with my friend. We got seated at 9:35am and our food was served at 10:25am. I watched the clock during my whole visit.. My breakfast burrito didn't have some of the main ingredients. It was missing the black beans and the cheddar. I am disappointed with my visit. My food was cold and my order was incorrect. If fiends and family ask me about this place I will discourage them and I won't return here.
I love this place! I see Mallory and she did and amazing job when I first saw her in February. I legit was only getting getting a hair cut and a treatment and she asked what it is I could change about my hair and I said I hated how short the front is (FROM A TERRIBLE HAIR JOB) and she advised me I could put extensions just in the front and I was like WHAT I can do? And sure enough, I did and now I LOVE my hair. I'm actually coming back to her  I get it cleaned and reapplied.
I am so bummed about this place. I was really excited to order food from here. I ordered a greens and it was to have chicken, kale, bean sprouts, and the almond sauce. I got my order back and it was missing the chicken! I didn't know it until I return back to the office. I am so bummed that this was my first experience.
I went here with my girlfriend for lunch. It was DELICIOUS. I got the cocktail that had sprite and lavender and it was seriously amazing. For an appetizer we shared the hummus nachos and the mushroom ravioli. It was tasty!! For lunch we shared a sandwich (the one with Brie and something else) and got their salut fries, OMG!!!  EVERYTHING we ordered was delicious. This is our new fave spot. Can't wait to come back!
I've been here twice now. The food was delicious but the service was not so much. Both times my order was messed up. My first experience here, they forgot about my order and then rushed my order once it was brought to their attention. I was frustrated because I waited a while and then when I got my food, it wasn't correct. They charge extra if you add protein. I paid extra for chicken and I didn't get chicken on my order. I got my food to go, so I wasn't aware until I got home. I have this place a second time and they forgot the chicken. Does this place not like to put chicken on their food?
A friend and I went here for breakfast the other day. She got chocolate chip pancakes and hers looked delicious and she said it tasted just as good as it looked. I ordered a breakfast burrito and it was cheesy and delicious. Great place to get some food!
My husband was raving about this place and I was thinking this place was sketch but I was WRONG. We went fir breakfast and my husband got The Works and since it was my first time, I wanted to try a burrito that didn't have eggs, haha. So, I got The California and it was bomb.com. I did get chicken in it instead of the carne asada. I would definitely come back here. Out burritos were hot, fresh and delicious.
This place is chill. Good drinks and good good. We went before happy hour, dang it. I would defi tell go back during happy hour to see if it's legit. The bartender was laid back and cool. The environment was relaxed and chill.
Who doesn't love In N Out? I love getting the grilled onions on my burger here. Have you tried their grilled onions on your burger? You need to. It's the best. This location is my new local In N Out. They're always jam packed busy. Or so it seems that way when I go on over there. The food tastes good and I'll be coming again for a fix.
I used to love this place. The prices are very reasonable and they typically do a good job. I rated my review three stars because of my most recent experience. I will say this place has great customer service! They are always busy. The problem with them being busy, I feel they rush my services. Don't get me wrong, it's good to get in and out but I like to relax with my pedicure and I HATE feeling rushed. My last pedicure was rushed and I was so disappointed. They also had their daughter running around the salon. I get it was summer break and their child had to be with them, but I go to the salon get away and relax and when their child is there, she's all over the place. She wants to talk to you, run around, and scream. Obnoxious really. My last service was anything but relaxing.
This was my first time here. I've heard about this place and how good they were. So, I had to see for myself. I ordered the power wrap. It was delicious. I wasn't a fan of the mushrooms in the wrap, but I'm just not a fan of them things anyways. The salsa tasted fresh and it was delicious on the wrap. I also got to sample their day glow juice and make tonic. Both were really good. The kale tonic was sweeter than I would like but it was still good. The person o went with got the biscuits and gravy and that was WOW. Bomb. Them potatoes too, legit.
Overall, I like Wild Flower. This location isn't my fave tho. It's always really busy, which I understand but the employees don't have a sense of urgency when it comes to the rush. They're very casual here. I usually go for lunch or dinner. I'd like to come back in the morning so that I could try their breakfast menu.
When you go to Tempe Marketplace, you don't really have a lot of options to pick when it comes to food places. This place has good pizza. However, this place prides it's self on pizza. I think it's average pizza. I've had worse and I've had better. That's why I'd give this place 3 stars. Average pizza. The server was great, so, I guess I'll bump this up to 5 stars instead of the three.
This place is bomb.com. I even got my food to go and it was still poppin. I got the Mac n cheese and it had some type of Cajun seasoning, it tasted delicious. I even had sweet potato fries to go and they were not soggy when I got home. The fries with sweet and salty and a tad crispy. I got the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was also delicious. I will definitely come back here.
Hmm. I was disappointed when I came here. I did mainly come here for Mamma's cold brew, which by the way has the best coffee, hands down. Anyways, I follow Uptown Market on Instagram. Based on the posts, I was excited to see what the market had to offer. In my opinion, They didn't have a ton of vendors. I mean, they had a few. I just felt like it was blown up on Instagram than what it actually was. They also only have one food truck. Waffle luv I believe. I think it would be cool if maybe they had another truck or two. More options.
I love this place. I love that I can build my own pizza. I love to do half Buffalo sauce and half bbq sauce. I like to top it with chicken, pineapple, spinach, tomatoes, and olives. The pizza is fresh because they make it in front you and it's crispy and hot when they bring it to you. How could you not love this place? I am a regular!
I love this place. There are tvs everywhere so you can watch whatever game you want. The food is pretty good. Their buffalo chicken pizza is my fave from them. I love the amount of options they give you for draft. I love coming here to watch the games.
I love me some in n out. I guess today I was just bummed that my fries weren't as crispy and warm as they normally are. It happens. I got heir cheese burger with grilled onions. It was delicious. My son got a grilled cheese and he liked it. It's definitely not a place for grilled cheese tho. Burgers and fries tho, fo sho.
Let's talk about this, breakfast buzz. It's seriously my new obsession. It tastes so dang good. I actually love most of the food here. Their veggie burgers, on point. You can actually customize whatever you want here. I've done and they're really awesome about accommodating my pickiness. One thing I would like to see this place do, post the nutritional facts of their food. Maybe one day they will. I'd love it if they did. Holla.
My son and daughter go to this day care. I really like that the staff is really friendly. I have had no issues with this place.
I was so looking forward to trying this place. I went last Sunday 7/31/16, my pizza was good but I wasn't impressed by it. I love me some pizza! I felt that I've had better pizza elsewhere. So, I was bummed that when I got my pizza it just seemed bland and nothing special. The pricing here is ok. However, the pricing would be justified if the pizza was actually AMAZING. But in my opinion, I felt I've had better pizza at Grimaldis.
This location is not my fave. Jimmy johns is good and suppose to be known for super fast. I order my food online to be delivered. We waited 45 mins for it to be delivered. I honestly don't know why it took forever. I love down the street and the guy didn't acknowledge the wait or anything.
This place is delicious. I got an Asian salad in a wheat tortilla. They're quick and easy. I love that they have drive thru and their menu is healthy. They're very accommodating to your diet preferences. I love this place and I'll continue to go back.
OMG!! I've been here MANY times. The burgers here are amazing. I love the fresh grilled taste they have. Their onion rings and French fries are addicting!! The milkshakes are also real and delicious! This is a place to go if you want some delicious burgers!
I love the number of customized options this place gives!! You can truly order whatever you want and it's delicious!
This place is okay. I think it can be over priced for what you get. For this place being a taco shop it's bland.
I. Love. This. Place. I came her to order food to go. I ordered the lasagna pizza, pepperoni, Mac n cheese, and the roasted vegetable salad. I usually hate taking food to go because I always think it doesn't taste as good after it's been sitting. When I got home with my food, I was really happy that my order was correct and that my food still tasted good. The staff here is always friendly and always ready to help.
I love me them waffle fries. This location is ALWAYS busy but they seem to some how manage through the rush. Recently they've been promoting their app. So, I used their app. The confirmation email and the app said to stay in the car and someone will being your food out to you and that was part of the food order and incentive to order from the app. Well, I waited about 15 mins and no one came out. So, I came in and the person explained that there's some confusion with the app. The aap says WAIT AND THEY WILL BRING IT TO YOU. That's actually the only time I've had an issue. Overall, the food is fresh and delicious.
I went here for a first date. I've never been prior to the date. We shared chicken Alfredo. It was bad. It wasn't best Alfredo that I had either. I'm impartial about this place. I would go back a second time and try something different to see if I love or hate this place.
This place is so dang good. I always have a hard one deciding what to get. Their cheesy garlic bread is amazing. It's crispy with gooey cheese on top. Their BBQ chicken pizzas is one of my fave. I always have a hard time picking between that and one of the pastas. On top of that, then we get a pazooki. They can do half and half with the pizza cookie!! Mind blown. I always leave this place feeling like a busted can of biscuits.
I went here to look for bedding. This location compared to the others, didn't have a lot of options to choose from for sheets. This location is not my favorite. It's dirty and there's always clothes thrown all over the place.
This place is pretty awesome. I'm not into antique items. My friend was coming over and she wanted to check out an antique place and this came up! So, off we went. This place has a ton of things! There's aisles that are just loaded with stuff. Books, home items, kitchen gadgets, toys and a whole lot more. Check this place out.
Fantastic burger. Fresh fixings on sesame seed buns. Great flavor and friendly service provided by a small family run business. These burgers beat Smashburger, Five Guys and The Habit, hands down.At indoors or run through the drive-thru. Fast service. Really like this place. Real old fashioned feel and what diner burgers used to taste like.
Went back on my own to try again.  Have to say I still find the smoke to be overpowering on the meat.  Service was great.  Portions were large. Better experience, however it's not my kind of BBQ.
This store needs to get with the 21st century. No online ability to take money. Won't take credit cards over the phone. Won't take American Express. Cutting themselves out of a big market.For local purchases with better customer service and convenience I prefer Tempe Camera Repair. They at least choose to accomodate customers.Don't know how this store stays in business.
Dr. Carson was extremely attentive and professional in his listening and treatment of my molar that needed to be re-crowned.I am ecstatic with the results! The crown fits like a glove and is indeed stable and perfect.
I've been coming to Little Saigon for almost 20 years. In that time I have experienced several other Vietnamese restaurants in the valley, but consider only one the best - Little Saigon.The place: A family run business located in a quaint, converted house that has a great vibe. Lots of warm feeling wood and decorated with traditional Vietnamese art and items. This is the only Vietnamese restaurant I have been to that cares about it's appearance as much as the food. The bathrooms are very nice and clean. Other Viet restaurants are usually found in strip malls, having all the ambience of going to the DMV. The staff: Always friendly and attentive, especially John and his wife. John's dad is usually in the kitchen making the fantastic food that has kept me going back for years. If you ever need guidance through the extensive menu or need help on what to order, John will hook you up.The food: Now let's talk about the best part of Little Saigon, the food. From the Pho to the Bun and clay pots, Little Saigon has it where it counts.  Fresh herbs and vegetables (nothing canned) and tender meats make it a great experience.My personal favorite are the Bun bowls (Rice noodle salad).  The meats are marinated and gilled, having lots of flavor.  Noodles are done to perfection and the lettuce greens and herbs are always fresh.The Pho (soups) are the perfect thing for a cool day and even in the summer. Flavorful broth with noodles, beef slices or meatballs (yes, meatballs) and more of those great herbs like mint and cilantro. Yum!My wife is a fan of the clay pots for the slightly more intense flavors found with these meals. I enjoy them as well.The beer I prefer to drink with my meals is the Vietnamese "33 Export" they serve. Similar to Tsing Tao, but seems to have a little more kick, ;)If you are trying Vietnamese food for the fist time, I highly recommend Little Saigon.   You won't be disappointed and probably will get hooked like I did years ago.
From the poorly stocked shelves to the apathetic staff. Yeah, about the staff - it's OK to acknowledge the customer when they thank you. Staring at them doesn't cut it. Also talking ( let's be frank, BS-ing) with other employees when there is a line waiting for cashier assistance at self-checkout is not cool either.It might be a good policy for staff to leave cell phone in the locker while working. Seen the cart collectors jabbering away. Maybe this is why there never seems to be carts on-hand. I have noticed of late is that nobody seems to collect carts on a regular basis. When I was a teen and worked grocery, it was very important that carts be collected and available. Speaking of carts, they may wish to repair them as at least a third have locked wheels.What can you say? This store is poorly managed. They need to train staff better too. I have been going to this location for years, but find myself driving further and spending more to have a better shopping experience. That goes for the quality of produce as well.The skeevy customers don't seem to help. Opened products and people making themselves at home in the lawn chair area is a big turn off. Be sure to check the packaging for being tampered with, especially the beer. Walked out one time with a six pack of bottles that had a few nips taken out of three of them. Absolutely gross.Hate to sound like some old man ranting, but I really just need to go elsewhere.
I had thought about not even doing a review because I wanted to keep this jewel all to myself. However, I cannot deny Matthew his due. This was an incredible barbershop experience.From the moment you walk in and see how is done up with all the vintage wall hangings, old time radio, barbershop artifacts and old and new movies playing, you are transported to a more simple era. His goal was to create a man-cave and he sure did. Great waiting area with super comfy chairs too. The aroma of the old style aftershaves lightly linger in the air, like a relaxing aroma from a happy memory.The hair cut was perfect. Matthew truly listens and has his own suggestions. This guy was meant to do what he's doing and the love of it shows in his great skill and personable way. The aftershaves are really intoxicating like the one I chose, champagne. ;)Call before to see if there is a wait, although you may not mind as the waiting room is so relaxing. Cash is king, no credit cards.I will paraphrase Borgart in Casablanca, "Matthew, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
Brought in my Xterra for a clutch issue and was helped by Scott. I found the care and work to be excellent! They provided me a ride to and from my home. Way more than expected. Very happy!I will definitely be doing business with them in the future!
Really love the attention shown to clients, making them feel at-ease. His sense of humor and easygoing attitude really bring out the subject's inner beauty and confidence. It makes for a very comfortable and enjoyable experience.Brad not only connects with the subject, his eye for light and the small details is fantastic. Aesthetically, his work is pleasing and compliments the model, rather than having the model try to conform to a cookie cutter template.Even though his modesty will not allow him to agree, his work is custom and well thought out.  He's quite genuine and his passion shows in all his work.
Great tacos! Very authentic and tasty! Not a chain, so don't be afraid to explore. Nice people and great service.
Been going here since the late 80s. A family run establishment, creating some of the best sandwiches in Phoenix.From the toasted sesame rolls to the pickles and peppers, it's all about the details. My personal favorite is the Super Sicilian. Incredible!Notable: The offer beer
I found this place through places like Yelp and other reviews sources.  Normally I am weary about Internet reviews as you don't know who's exactly writing them.  I can say in this case, all the reviews for this place are quite valid and true.I am extremely happy with the work performed and the turnaround - all on a Saturday.  The prices are quite reasonable and what you should expect to pay, not what others squeeze you for.The work I had done was the following:- Front & rear brakes pads, etc.- Tune up w/ platinum plugs- Fuel filter replacement- Oil change w/ syntheticMy truck now runs perfectly and I am very happy to recommend Unlimited Brakes & Auto Repair.Guess I didn't need a new fuel pump like Cactus Auto said I did. ;)Special thanks to the mechanics for all the hard work you put in on a Saturday.
Did I mention the slowest drive-thru? Yeah. This particular franchise appears to have really poor management. Also seems to be understaffed.
Visited Hillstone to give them another try a couple weeks ago.  Finally had the time to sit down and write an update.As usual the food was great.  The service, while better this occasion was still a bit off.  Two examples:1) Length of time for wait staff to revisit our table for refreshments was fairly lengthy in comparison to the old Houston's.2) When asked about the sauce used in the Thai Tuna Roll, the waitress looked very blank and then said it was in the roll. She replied, tuna and some sort of Thai sauce.  Noooo kidding.I will give this place another chance and another star because I really like their food.  I will more than likely return.  However, I will update with new reviews until it's back to the place I remember.
I found the staff to be hurried and not wanting to take the time to listen. Dr. Darson's physician's assistant was extremely apathetic and rough. Disregarded my pain.While my experience with the doctor himself was not negative during the visit, the follow up, especially in addressing my pain was nil. Also he seems very busy and hurried.I will be looking for a new doctor.
Slow........ Service. Food has really taken a turn for the worse. I'd rather eat a McDonald's breakfast. At least it's consistent.I ordered the Eggs Benedict. Didn't realize they changed it up. The sauce was a tasteless cream concoction. I knew I was in trouble when the server asked how I like my eggs. Runny yolks, firm whites. I got a tennis ball of hard egg. What they serve as EB is nothing like it should be.This place is a train wreck. Be warned.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this wonderful restaurant sooner. Hana is by far the BEST Japanese food experience I have had.The Why: Fresh, clean, and best selected fish in the state, as far as I am concerned. This is the place for sashimi & nigiri. Rolls are good too, but it's the select fish that catapults this restaurant into the stratosphere. Be sure and try the fresh oysters. INCREDIBLE!The How: Family run by those who know seafood and how to put it all together.The Where: Centrally located in Phoenix at 7th Ave. & Missouri.  Be sure to get there early as you may have a wait, but it's totally worth it. This place is a destination for the discerning sushi patron. BYOB.
Be sure to have the mechanics address everything on your list related to the quote you receive.  I brought my truck in for two issues.  One was resolved, but gained another problem which to their credit, they admitted screwing up and is now being fixed.The other problem wasn't fully addressed and now will take more money to fix. Their response to me asking why it wasn't taken care of in the original quote was to say that "it should take care of the problem". They even changed their story about the diagnostics from what they told me the day before.Told them I wasn't happy and was told I should be very happy as they saved me a lot of money. I'll acknowledge what they did to save me from having to get a new manifold was appreciated, but don't tell me you are going to fix the problems and then come back later and say they "should" be fixed when they aren't.Sorry, but I will go back to Airpark Auto Service.  It's worth the 15 mile trip.  No shades of grey and definitely more confident about fixing a problem.Sorry Cactus, but I won't be coming back.
Well, I would love to have tried this wonderful food that I read about in the reviews, but I guess I never will.  King Solomon's Pizza lost my business on the first try by playing a game I absolutely cannot stand.I ordered my pizza over the phone. I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes, to which I thought was pretty fast.  As the gentleman who was taking my order was ready to hang up, I said "Don't you need my name and number?". He replied that it wasn't necessary. That should have clued me in.So, I drive over to pick up my pizza.  I walk in and I'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter.  I let them know I'm here to pick up my pizza that I ordered via phone and go on to describe it to them.  One guy tells the other what I ordered, conveniently ducks out as the other guy THEN begins to make it. REALLY?So I stop him and tell him why did I order over the phone if they had no intention of making it until I got there?  He looks at me and all of a sudden can't seem to understand English and goes back to making the pizza.Nice try JERKS.  I tell him to forget it as I will take my business elsewhere.Apparently this is done because they do not trust the customer to show up and pay. This same technique was used on me before a Chinese restaurant in west Phoenix. Fool me once shame on me. Fool me twice, screw you!
Was disappointed.  This company said they would only do an acid wash, which during the summer was not possible because of the heat. It can damage the pool finish.  They said to try another company.Spoke to another company and just by using chemicals,  vacuuming and back-washing - I can bring back the pool from its dark green state.Guess Splish Splash only wants to take on the easy job and the quick buck.
I have to say I was blown away with the food served. The bruschetta was incredible and not over spiced with garlic. If it was there, it was really smooth. The grape tomatoes were a different thing for me and I loved it. The pizza we enjoyed was the POMO:Italian Sausage, Roasted Red Bell Pepper, Sauteed Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms. It was fantastic! Thin crust, yet the flavor of the bread was present and complimented the tasty toppings.If you can, get a seat at the bar by the oven. Not hot at all and you get to see the process. It's like dinner and a show!To end the meal, have a generous slice of tiramisu. Perfect amount of ooz, if ya know what I mean.I don't want to forget, the owner/mgr I believe, comes out with an unexpected bonus shot of homemade limoncello and honey drizzled pastry bits. My God it was heavenly. I love, just love this place.
Well, tied and last try with this establishment. I understand "Bar Rescue" did a show here. Sad thing is the service is worse than before. Ordered a Balvenie 12 year old with a splash of water. Waitress brought out a drink with water and ice. When I mentioned it wasn't what I ordered, she looked at me in disbelief. She really though Scotch comes on the rocks by default.Really doesn't matter. I'm not coming back. damn shame.
If I could leave less than one star I would. This place was very unclean. I waited for 15 minutes with the menu and no one came by to take the order.there were only, maybe five people in the entire restaurant.All I heard we're wait staff arguing with the kitchen, complaining how they wanted to go home. Really professional. IHOP used to be pretty decent. No more.
Originally nobody was answering the phone at this location and I gave a poor review. Found out it was the service provider. After visiting the location, Matt provided great service. I love my new Van's.I need to remember not to jump to conclusions.
Not an amazing experience.The wall near us was completely scraped off by the table and the dance music (with no dancing, of course, this is a sit-down restaurant) was too loud for the small space.If a guest doesn't want fries with their burger, a restaurant with prices as high as the Flying Fig's are should be able to afford to substitute sides. It seems a little silly to say that it's fries or nothing. (Or you can add $5.50 to your bill to have something different with your $19 burger). This was after they said I couldn't have the restaurant week lamb burger fixings with the regular burger (they sounded fun, but I don't really like lamb.) I understand integrity of a dish, but it's not like I was asking for something crazy, hard to do, or wasteful. It is a good burger, though. Crunchy bacon paired with melted onions and cheese on top. House-made ketchup.The service is rather underwhelming. Slightly condescending, but yet doesn't know the answers to seemingly simply questions. No one really needs to be told that the menu has information on it....During the couple of times I've been here, they made themselves out to be too pretentious compared to the results. Something about the experience has to be amazing to warrant any level of pretension.
Get a milkshake! They are awesome but be careful getting at the extra in the tin. It has a tendency to rush into your glass, so use a spoon.I'm always very full after I eat here, with leftovers to boot. But maybe that is because I have a hard time not getting a milkshake...The food is fine, but don't go here expecting top-notch, super fast service. It's a laid back atmosphere; everyone is really nice, but don't go in expecting too much from your server.
Counter clerks are sales people.  They make you believe there are other fees they charge.  The person at the counter told me they charge fees of $26/day for insurance coverage (required) even though I have my own insurance.  $80 Pre-paid full tank of gas (required) even though it's a 4 cylinder car.  $14 required for leaving trash in the car.  I told him I wasn't going to pay for all those fees and needs to speak to his boss.  He then went ahead and process the papers and gave it to me and told me where the car was.  His attitude changed dramatically for the worst after I refuse to pay for additional fees.  If there was a zero star I would give it a zero star.
Angel did a great job!  Fast and professional and the best price within 10 miles. I would and will recommend him to anyone who needs an iPhone or iPad glass or case repair. He even made a hot spot for me so I could work while I waited.
Great place, I have been going here for a couple of years and the food has always been great on the lunch buffet. Jenny, maybe the owner but definitely the person who runs the place could not be more hospitable or welcoming.About a year ago I started eating vegan and found that I could still come here and have an amazing meal, half of their buffet is vegan/vegetarian! I just ask which of the vegetarian dishes have chicken or beef stock, ghee, butter or milk products and usually it is only one that I am not able to eat, many times I can have everything on the vegetarian half. They even bring me out unbuttered naan to the table as part of the buffett. Also, you must give the Spring Dosa try, it is huge!!!
These guys are great. Always helpful, always unassuming and willing to go the extra mile. They provide great service and exemplify what we all want in a LBS. Keep it up guys!
Went here November 16, 2017. It was simply amazing. Well worth the money. You can tell Zak put a lot of time, thought, and money into this place. He was actually here when we first got here but was sick so went home, and we didn't have time to take a picture. Our tour guide, I forgot her name! I'm so bad with names. She was phenomenal. Very thorough and descriptive, along with humorous. Long brown/red hair, told us story about when she was a little girl. (I hope you see this, you're awesome!)I went in not expecting much but to view some cool artifacts. Many unexplainable things happened tonight. First, an x ray fell off the wall. The tour guide said that had NEVER happened before. Once we got upstairs the energy just completely shifted. Everyone in our tour group said they felt dizzy, wobbly, or just plain odd. I did not go into the dybbuk box because I already felt weird, but my boyfriend did and he said he felt complete hatred. Another woman came out crying and said there was a strong sadness. The room with the Peggy doll had loud banging coming from it. I don't know what that was about. Our tour guide saw an orb behind us. All in all this place is not for the faint of heart. If you are open to energies and the like, just bring protection of your choice. It is well worth it.
There was a mermaid* swimming in the pool. That is all.*with a fish tail and e'rythang
If I could leave 0 stars I would unfortunately I can not . My wife and myself went in on Friday July 26 to look at a 2012 Dodge Ram 3500 . We took it for a test drive and the exhaust fumes in the cab was terrible. Then we went back inside and worked a deal with the exhaust problem to be fixed later in the day. Our sales man called later that night and said it was ready to go , so we drove back to the dealership to get it . We signed a BCA that would allow us to have the truck from 7:30 to 5:30 pm the next day . We started home and made it maybe a 1/2 mile before the smell came back and we returned to dealership . The next day I went back to dealer ship to get the truck again one of the sales managers Charlie said he wanted the service director to take one last look at it . They found a exhaust leak and said it would be 1 hour to have it fixed , My daughter and I sat there for about 3 hours . When they finished we went to the front to pick the truck up they told me that they had another buyer and wanted me to sign the papers right then in order for me to get the truck, my 24 hour test period was gone . I talk to a sales manage who was rude and said since I didn't pick up the truck last night that  is not a option anymore even though the truck was not drivable at that time . The sales manager Alex said he was the last person I could talk to when I asked to speak to someone higher up. I found this not to be true when I got home and got online and found that the GM is named Mike Messina I called and left a message for him he was prompt in returning my call and was very apologetic . So when it is all said and done the sales man Jessie Hernandez was a nice person and good to deal with Charlie was also pleasant their main problem is the middle management who was very rude . The GM called as I was writing this and assured me that he would look in to this . I hope they do and the problems they have with the sales managers is rectified.
I had my turf installed by another company I tried to go through them to have a repair made (my dog dug a section up) . They drug there feet always scheduling but never showing up.  I then sent a email to Artificial Grass Masters. Ricardo called me set a appointment up and job was taken care of . Will use them again and would highly recommend.
Amazing Vet Dr. Koroknai working here however the front desk staff is beyond disappointing. I was booked for an appointment, showed up on time, and waited an additional 45mins! This isn't the first time this has happened either. I absolutely understand that things get hectic when it's busy, but why waste anyone's time an book an appointment for 3:15pm if I'm not seeing a vet until 4pm (when I had to leave). After I informed the front desk staff twice that I was in a rush, I waited by the "employees only" door to get their attention so I could pay and get out of there. The vet tech looked straight at me, continued to eat her fruit gummies, then closed in the door in my face... Lmao.Dr. Koroknai is amazing, such a shame his staff members are beyond ignorant.
Horrible service, horrible food. Bad experience. So basic! The decor is nice which is why they get the one star but the waiter was rude. The food tasted horrible! The beef taco carbon or whatever was horrible don't get it. The pancho nachos suck. The only good thing is the salsa and the creamy jalapeo.
Great atmosphere, great food. Quick and tasty! Though it may be quick it is not fast food, it fast good food Lol. If you're in the area try it, if you're not still try it!!
Absolutely fantastic customer service and quality mattress!! Found the perfect mattress on Facebook marketplace. Thank you so much.
Chamberlain is most professional office I've ever been too. Polite and friendly staff every single visit. Caring staff that makes kids feel at ease during procedures. Very clean facility each tray is carefully sterilized and after each patient the entire table and knobs are sterilized for the next patient. Dr Chamberlain gets to know his patients and chats about their interests each visit.
They overcharged us by $3 on a salad then when confronted charged us automatic gratuity. First time there, never again!
Been getting my nails and pedicures here for years! Always great service!Have tried other places and always come back here!
Great quick printer!! I haven't tried anything particularly complicated, but for posters, flyers they deliver amazingly fast without any problems. This is also the cheapest print shop I've ever gotten a quote from downtown, so it just sweetens the deal. Nick is especially awesome and managed to get me a 10 posters (1 massive one) done in literally 15 minutes.
Really amazing meal and great sangria. There's a pretty terrace which is great to hang out on. The server was very helpful and explained how to eat pupasa (the flower one is incredible and really different from any other flavor I'd tried). :) we'll be back!
Casey & Michael have it figured out. Beard experts. If you need a shave, Tower Club is the only choice.
I have been eating @ Aloha Kitchen since it opened. I worked right next door at Nello's. I was very excited when Ray opened his doors. I could only hope the food was as good as I remember when I lived in on the Islands, and it was. I have been going here ever since. Especially since they offer Manapua. You have to try it. (Steamed buns, stuffed with pork)Most other Hawaiian food places don't offer them and if you ever lived in Hawaii, particularly Oahu, you know what Manapua are and know what they should taste like. The only thing I wish they had added to the menu, over all these years is "Pork Hash", Mmmmm I miss those.
Good spot to satisfy a late night Korean craving! Hot bubbling gam ja tang hits the spot on a cold night. Seating was comfortable, service was a little lacking but courteous. Could do with more sides! All in all a good place if you're looking for straightforward comfort food.
Came here for drinks and dessert on a Saturday night. We got here relatively early (9ish) so didn't have to wait to be seated. Like everyone else we gave the Tawainese snow ice a try.. Mango tango was delish. Super generous (read: shareable) portions topped with mango boba and vanilla ice cream, mango jelly hidden underneath, a little saucer of condensed milk to pour over. Japanese milk green tea latte was decent (not tepid!) but suspiciously an over-saturated shade of green. I'm writing this review because something has to be said of their customer service, or lack thereof. What is it with places nowadays and the assumption that customers will stomach that level of non-service without complaint? No glasses of water, no napkins, you practically have to go up to them to give them your order and you definitely have to walk up to pay. The only time they were attentive to us was when they told us it was "last-call"... by then there was a steady line forming out the door so they were looking for tables. While we were there I witnessed two tables sit down and leave a few minutes later without ordering. I'd recommend they properly service all their customers before looking for existing ones to kick out. I will come back because the menu is interesting, and it's definitely a nice change to the humdrum of options Markham currently has. But seeing as they are in the service industry I think they should master that basic requirement first.
Great service, great food. Website menu was out of date as they change items regularly.
Came here for dinner while visiting Montreal and was underwhelmed. Had the beef curry, butter chicken and saag paneer. Every curry I had was runny and fairly bland. Don't see myself returning when I'm back in town.
After staying in nearly every hotel in Vegas I can say that the rooms at Palazzo/The Venetian are among the best. The average two bed at Palazzo is only slightly smaller than a Parlor Suite at the Wynn. The bathrooms are not as nice as the Wynn's or Mandalay's, but this is more than made up for by the added space to the main room. The location of Palazzo couldn't be better. It's perfectly in the heart of the strip and most of the best clubs are in walking distance. However, the staff are particularly unhelpful in directing you out of the property and will actually WILLFULLY MISDIRECT you towards the canal shops in some bizarre attempt to get you to shop there regardless of where you intended to go.This brings us to the downside. The service is terrible. Even if you're playing hundred dollar plus hands you will not get a drink in a reasonable time frame. The front desk said to call them for late check out, however, both stays here I attempted this and was stone-walled with a 20 minute hold while music played and then met with a front desk girl that was the most unpleasant person I have dealt with-- She reminded me of the voice from 1408, with an insane sense of smugness-- "No" was clearly her favorite word and she was unwilling to compromise on any point. It was terrible dealing with her. On both days that I requested late checkout she claimed that it would be impossible. It was as if she sincerely believed that all the hotel rooms would be cleaned promptly by noon and that every room would be booked on a Sunday. Seriously?The Concierge desk is significantly better than their other service and will help you out if you are a hotel guest, especially with clubs/guestlist, etc-- it's a refreshing change.But other than that, the service here fails to meet the targets that it should and needs improvement to match the Wynn or other hotels.
Food service view : outstanding. To be recommended without hesitationTake the incline to reach the place.
Best cigar lounge in Scottsdale. Great place to watch a game with 8 large plasma TV's!
Super tasty! Open late hours for your midnight cravings. Solid cheese to gravy ratio. Staff is friendly.  Wait times are very short. Give us more vegan options, please!
I've only had my brows done here but I come back like clockwork about every 2 months. The location is very convenient. The reception staff has always been well versed, friendly, polite and very accommodating to last minute bookings. I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for my appointment and they offer tea and water while you wait. The prices are VERY reasonable. I like my brows full but tidy and every now and then I'll splurge and get them tinted while I'm at it. I've seen 2 aestheticians now and both were quick and thorough and I've always been very pleased with the results. Thanks ladies! I'll see you again in a month or so!
I love Apiecalypse Now! I recommend this place to anybody who will listen. Their pizza is phenomenal and the best I've had vegan or otherwise. Try the Fat Mac or the Pig Destroyer Destroyer! Or anything for that matter, I haven't been let down yet. Can't wait to try their new burger bar, BRGR KVLT! Cheers.
Not too shabby! This place is pretty good for a quick, healthy bite to eat. I've tried most of the menu items now and I'd have to say the best are the Kale Caesar and the Energy Parfaits.. oh, and the soup is always really tasty too! The Kale Caesar dressing is quite possibly the best I've had and I love that they threw some chickpeas, avocado, tempeh and grape tomatoes in there to keep things interesting. The coconut whipped cream on the parfaits is super thick and creamy. My only 'beef' with this place is that it's pretty expensive. Also, there's nowhere to sit and eat. There are a couple of high top tables that you can stand at while you chow down but a few bar stools would really go a long way. But hey, thanks for making high quality healthy grub easily accessible!
A new take on an old classic.Everything about this place was absolutely perfect! I can't wait to come back!
Great concept - poorly executed. I've found that the food is either burnt, undercooked or in short supply. Even when they have everything that's listed on the menu and your meal is cooked properly, the presentation leaves much to be desired and the flavour palate is pretty amateur for the price.
This place is so weird and kitschy - I LOVED IT. A friend tipped me off to this place. I'm not sure I ever would have found it otherwise, which would have been a real tragedy. I'd honestly walked past it dozens (hundreds?) of times without even noticing it. So after dinner at Miss Thing's just West on Queen, we stopped in for a few cocktails. I cannot sing praises of this bar loudly enough. The front area, looks like a little storefront. I believe it is a mezcal bar. Prior to our visit, we did not know what mezcal was. Thank you to our fabulous bartender/ server/ ~mixologist~ named Joel for explaining this #complex beverage to us in terms we could comprehend even though we didn't love the taste. Perhaps too #complex for a couple of basic white girls? The bar was wonderful - dimly lit, sprinkled with taxidermy and the pice de rsistance, a wu-tang themed lavatory? This bar *gets* me. But more on Joel! He took his time to go over the cocktail menus in detail with us and give us detailed flavour profiles of each beverage. He even made very astute recommendations to us based on what kind of flavours we were looking for. He made us feel welcome - like old friends. Thank you, Joel. We will be back to see you and Pretty Ugly pretty soon.
Delicious and affordable. Best vegan mac in town. The cheeze sauce is UNREAL  would recommend. Only suggestion would be to rename it The Mac Shack!
This restaurant is unreal. Gorgeous space and by far the best vegan restaurant in Toronto and the GTA. The customer service is phenomenal. The staff is extremely friendly, accommodating and wonderful at creating a welcoming atmosphere for their clientele. I have tried almost everything on the menu and I have always been floored by the intricacies and flavor pairings thoughtfully incorporated into each meal. I can honestly say I'm impressed every time I visit (which is often). Thank you and keep up the great work, guys! You're killin' it!
Lovely ambiance. I adore the charming little details and aesthetic of this place. The decor is gorgeous, mid century with modern accents. My server was very personable and friendly. She even offered a few personal recommendations from the menu. I had the avocado toast and a death in the afternoon cocktail. Both were done beautifully. I will definitely be back! Cheers!
WOW - this restaurant is phenomenal. Going to Planta was an experience. They truly have elevated plant based cuisine. This place rivals or supersedes any fine dining restaurant that I have been to. There was a lot of hype surrounding this place but Planta has earned it! The dcor was stunning, modern, minimalist chic with an accent on, you guessed it, plants. They had beautiful high ceilings and the lighting was perfectly ambient. They even had a live DJ and he was REALLY GOOD! Our server was very pleasant and friendly and kept a close eye on us to make sure that we had everything we needed. We had the cauliflower tots to start - divine! They were perfectly crispy on the outside and flavourful on the inside but I'd have to argue the best part was the almond parm and truffle cream. For my main, I had the eggplant lasagna. It was delicious and came topped with zucchini noodles, tomato sauce and almond parm. The eggplant was cooked perfectly and the flavours were outstanding. Bae had the 18 carrot dogs and french fries that came with a light and tangy lemon aioli. The carrot dogs were smokey and cooked to have the consistency of a ballpark dog - they even looked like hot dogs. For desert, we had the chocolate terrarium. Aptly named as it kind of looks like a bowl of dirt sprinkled with frozen raspberries, sponge toffee and, get this, GOLD DUSTED PEANUTS. I CAN'T. The devil is in the details at this place and they nailed every single one of them (with the exception of having run out of macaroni, but the 18 carrot dogs were so good that Bae didn't mind).  Places like these make me glad I've chosen to lead a plant based lifestyle. Thanks Planta!
Pleasantly surprised by this place! The atmosphere could use a little work but man, are their falafels tasty!
I live right across the street from this place. I've been so looking forward to trying it out! The decor is elegant and minimalist - lots of natural light, white walls, modern light fixtures, potted plants and exposed brick. I've walked past in the evening and seen candles in the windows too - a cozy touch. Not to mention the place is always packed! My friends and I stopped by today to grab a bite to eat. We seated ourselves toward the back of the restaurant. The little stools at the tables are super cute but they leave you without a place to hang your purse or jacket. We ended up leaving our things on the floor.Unfortunately, our server seemed a bit indifferent or absent-minded. We did have to flag her down multiple times for drink menus and to order and the restaurant wasn't even that busy. We also ordered 2 beers and were, much to our dismay, brought half pints. The menus looked unreal! It's great to see such diversity in a vegan menu :) I had trouble choosing what to order. Everything sounded so good! I ordered the Spicy Bap. My friends had the Just Like Oaxaca and the Cauliflower Tahini. The food was wonderful. The presentation was almost too good to eat! (Almost). The Spicy Bap was delicious. Lots of different flavours and textures in the bowl and the veggies and tofu were cooked perfectly. It was, as promised, spicy! The portions were a little bit on the small side or maybe I was just super hungry or maybe it was just that good. I probably could've eaten another one. I would have to say my overall experience was okay, but not great. The service needs a bit of improvement but I'll definitely be back to try the cocktails and more of the menu items!
I was very disappointed with my experience at Live today. It's no secret that the food here isn't cheap. I can't afford to eat here often which is perhaps why I was all the more disappointed by the sub par service. The girl taking orders at the cash register was completely disinterested and barely gave me the time of day. She seemed far more concerned with gossiping with her coworkers than taking orders, or doing her job. As a customer, I felt like an inconvenience. I also overheard her speaking loudly to her coworkers about a fellow employee who "shouldn't be complaining because she's still on probation". This isn't a conversation you should be having in front of customers. The saving grace was that the quality of the food was pretty good. I had an acai smoothie bowl. It was made fresh but I was hoping for a little bit more in terms of quantity for $12.50. Overall, I can't say I would recommend this place, which is a real shame because typically I'm all for supporting the vegan community. Hoping this feedback will lead to some improvements especially where customer service is concerned.
Hands down the best coffee in Oakville. Charming atmosphere, brilliant dcor. Friendly and personable staff as well! The brunch/ lunch menus are thoughtfully designed. Striking and delicious flavor pairings and an always stunning presentation.
The staff here is super friendly and personable. Their customer service is wonderful. I get red carpet service every single time. They offer coffee or tea and go above and beyond to make their clients comfortable. I've had my hair cut here a few times now. I've seen Erika and Jay and have been consistently thrilled with my hair styles! They were both fantastic and interpreted and manifested my dream 'do to a tee. I even bought a salt water spray to add texture and volume to my hair on Jay's recommendation. I used it almost everyday. It smells fantastic! I'll be back for a trim soon :)
THE CHICKPEA TUNA SANDWICH. I know, I know, I need to branch out but I can't help it. This sandwich is my go to. Mashed chickpeas, sweet and tangy mustard, alfalfa sprouts, tomatoes and pickles on soft and savoury focaccia, ugh! It doesn't really taste much like tuna salad, but I don't think I would like it half as much if it did.This sandwich has also been the only occasion in which I have ever genuinely enjoyed pickles. AND it's reasonably priced!The space is always immaculate and bright and tidy and the staff have always been cheerful and friendly. Lots of creative items on the menu - after reading all of these reviews though, it sounds like I'll have to try the sweet potato sandwich next!
Doomie's is a cute little vegan spot in Parkdale serving up all kinds of guilty pleasures. Reliable favourites are the animal fries, the buffalo fries and the Big Mac (literally EVERYONE'S favourite). The Oreo milkshake is also a decadent treat - especially with a cheeky splash of booze in it  Stick to these for a good time. I've tried quite a few other items on the menu and was a bit disappointed. The service here has always been attentive and super friendly. My only "beef" would be that it's quite expensive for a burgers and fries joint and maybe just a bit too heavy on the grease tip for my liking, although I do realize this is simply a personal preference. I've found myself uncomfortably full, if not ill after most of my meals here.. yet I keep coming back? The food is tasty but if you're not used  to chowing down on greasy grub too often, it could very well upset your stomach.
Lovely little spot conveniently located toward the south end of Lisgar Park. They make an excellent cup of coffee for a fair price and the baristas have always been friendly and personable. I haven't tried their baked goods yet but they do look yummy! - vegan options too! They also stock essential pantry goods, a few pre-made lunch options and death in Venice gelato. There's lots of outdoor seating with a view of the park. A nice little place to have your morning coffee. I'll definitely be back! Thanks!
Tried this place because we didn't want a huge meal but wanted to watch a game. There are so many TVs in the bar area and if you sit in the booths you get a personal TV to watch whatever game you want. The menu is small (mostly burgers and sandwiches) but the food we tried was tasty. They also have a decent beer selection. I was most impressed with the nachos and the onion rings. The nachos had chili, cheese, tomatoes, onions, sour cream, and jalapeos. If you're not into spicy food, I would recommend no jalapeos because they are spicy. We also had sliders which were delicious, three of them came with a side order of crinkle fries.
I have never had such a stressful horrendous experience with customer service. Stay away from pet relocate at all costs. We have been trying to get an honest quote from them for 3 weeks and have been ignored and lied to. Firstly, they don't give quotes. They ask you to send your quotes from other more respectable companies and they will try to match it or beat it, but when they can't, they will ignore you and not take or return calls. Any other way of helping to relocate you pet is better than going through the stress of trying to get a straight answer from this company.
SCAM ALERT! This was the WORST DECISION my buddies and I made when visiting Vegas for New Years Eve weekend. The promoter, NATE, gave us this card that said Rick's would provide us with LIMO SERVICE to the club. They showed up to the MGM and picked us up in a Ford SUV! DEFINITELY NOT A LIMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!When my buddies and I walked into Rick's the STRIPPERS jumped on us like FLIES on SHIT! They weren't even HOT! They pulled us into the VIP room and suddenly they turned into used car salesmen! I had an ASIAN and a WHITE STRIPPER on my lap that kept telling me I should buy a bottle of Patron and how it would be WORTH IT to pay $500 to party with them for 30 minutes! After I told them that wasn't going to happen I could tell they were pissed! I told the ASIAN she could stick around and she seemed HAPPY that I chose her. She introduced me to the VIP host, who basically pointed to a spot for me to sit down on the CASTING COUCH! The STRIPPER told me that I should tip him $20. SORRY, NOT GOING TO HAPPEN! He pointed to a SPOT on the couch, I'M NOT GIVING HIM A $20!As I sat down on the couch the ASIAN straddled me, took her top off to show me her TIJUANA BOOB JOB and then proceeded to ask me questions during all three songs instead of giving me a lap dance. She kept asking me, What's your favorite position? What turns you on? and my favorite, Besides the CLITORIS WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE PART ON A WOMEN'S BODY? At this point I was like, SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DANCE!WORST LAP DANCE EVER! My buddies and I will never go back! P.S. HEY HOWARD STERN, WHY DID YOU INVEST IN SUCH A DUMP?
I had two outside valves leaking last year and called Mesa Plumbing in the morning. Two guys showed up early in the afternoon and replaced both in about fifteen minutes. Cost was $300.00+....gave me a discount for being a retired military vet...$265.00. Too expensive for my blood...won't use again.
Had dinner with my wife there last night. We started with the 'blackened scallops.' They had a bit of a bite but were cooked perfectly. My wife had the mixed grill that consisted of filet medallions, crab cake and scallops. All were excellent. I had the 16oz New York strip...cooked to perfection and had a great taste. We shared a baked potato and grilled mushrooms. The service was outstanding, the atmosphere was excellent. My only complaint was the waiter took away the football the hostess gave me on the way in. Apparently, the menu was printed on the football, that has since been replaced with real menu, but still carry on the tradition.
Stopped going there a couple of years ago...very unprofessional. I think there was only one barber out of many who dressed and acted professionally but she either quit or transferred. I stopped there several weeks ago because Great Clips was crowded and I did not want to wait. I was pleasantly surprised with the new clean look of the premises, professional looking stylist, and a good haircut. Went back again yesterday, different stylist but same result. Possible turnaround. Overheard one stylist tell the other a new manager is about to take over. Hopefully she maintains standards.
We were looking for a good sea food place and turned to YELP to find out what was in the local area. After reading reading all of the excellent reviews we decided on the Good Guys Seafood. What a disappointment! We ordered the oysters, shrimp, and fish. The fish had absolutely no texture, the batter had a bitter taste, the oysters were nothing like previous reviewers stated they were. I've been to the SE part of the US and believe me these fried oysters were not even close to those I had in Louisiana and Mississippi. The shrimp was nothing special. Won't eat there again. Makes me wonder however about the limited experience and taste other reviewers had. The cocktail sauce was watery, the tarter sauce appeared to be mixed with thousand island dressing.
Absolutely the worst dealership I've EVER been to. The sales men there do NOTHING. The managers are lazy and do not inform each other of what is going on. I was selling my VW beetle on Craigslist and Berge vw had called me every day for 2 weeks straight bugging me to bring my car in and that they wanted to buy it from me to resell it for a higher price. I kept denying and they just kept calling and hounding me!!!! I finally agreed after the "manager" said that they would give me around what I was asking for in cash! And they said they would give me a $20 gift card. I came and asked for the "manager" and some new kid comes out and is rude to me saying that they didn't call me and told me to leave.
The worst primary care I've EVER been to. It's has been TWO weeks and they have not "reviewed" some lab culture I had taken because I am in serious pain and they have not given me any medication for it! The day of the appointment they told me they would call the next morning and tell me my results and give me the medicine needed.. They Never called and I ended up having to call them every day three times a day for two weeks and still no answer about what is going on and still in pain!!! I'm switching doctors! This is ridiculous! I am talking to a lawyer currently to see if I can sue them!
I was craving pizza and decided to walk 25 mins from my hotel to this place because of the good reviews even though there were a lot of closer options. I'm SO HAPPY I did! I ordered a margarita pizza to-go and the entire experience was wonderful. The staff was so kind and you can tell they genuinely care about you having a good experience. While I was waiting for my pizza (which only took 10 mins) they brought me a glass of water without me having to ask. That gesture really stuck out to me because most of the other places I've been in Montreal you have to hound the wait staff for water and for refills when you're eating out and they don't seem to be very attentive. When I got back to my hotel and took the first bite I literally said "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" out loud. This is hands down the best pizza I've had since I went to Italy about a year ago!! The tomato sauce, the cheese, the crust, the basil.... Everything was perfect.My only regret is not finding this place sooner on my trip!
Traveled from Buffalo to check this place out. Everything we ate was exceptional. Innovative cocktail menu.  My favorite dish is the Brisket.  I love the decor! We will definitely be back.
had the best time ever! our server was Melissa G.(no tattoos) she was very friendly. It was Friday and the place was packed, but she kept coming back to our table to make sure our food was to our liking. Melissa had good conversation every time she came back to our table. I totally plan to return.
The best ever!!I had tried pilates out before with private sessions but its def more fun to do it in a small group setting. Very encouraging and challenges you to push yourself. I would say that each instructor has their own style of teaching. Megan and Carolyn i found had classes at a slower pace. Theyre still a good workout, but i did find that i could complete the class with little to no troule. Alice Kim Amanda and Roselby are very challenging with their workouts. I would def. reccomend going to their classes after trying out a few classes with other instructors. Monica is one of my fav instructors!! shes also the owner of the studio. Super hands on with you and really helps even the most beginner of students during the class. She teaches a more classical style of pilates where you repeat the same movements each class (still very challenging) but perhaps push yourself to the more advanced level of that posture. The other instructors teach more contemporary style Pilates which is more upbeat, and athletic style.I would def. recommend!! My only other suggestion - Please add Saturday and Sunday classes to the Caledon location!!!!
Really good food but the front service wasn't as expected. We were a group of 4 and made us wait until our group was complete to be seated but they gave a table to a group of 6 that was after us and was incomplete too.
Have been coming to Star Foot Spa for several months.  Clean and quiet. Excellent service. Eva is excellent. Have needed deep tissue massage for my neck and upper back. Eva knows what'd she is doing and takes care of the kinks and knots. Definitely will keep coming to her.
1st visit today and this MASSIVE Sports Complex is a WINNER!  Start with the free, yes free paved parking lots right next to the stadium, ( only spring stadium in Az. Or FLA. That offers that), and then the open air, multiple grass seating locations and you have a wonderful ballpark for games........IN ADDITION, there must be 10 additional fields, including exact replicas of Dodger Stadium in LA & White Sox park in Chicago so if these teams fail it will not be for lack of spring facilities!  Location is right off the 101 loop, (which if I could review highways, the 101 Loop around Scottsdale/ PHX is the BEST HIGHWAY SYSTEM I have ever used.....so easy to find anywhere!!).....all in all a nice place, nothing fancy, a great value, typical ballpark food/drink and a solid 4 out of 5!
This may well be my favorite W!!!!.....(also a big fan of Lauderdale Beach & Lexington Ave in NYC spots)........the rooms are typical W...(small, modern & well.....cool with gadgets)....but most Impressive is the Upstairs SHADE LOUNGE which is Open air, Huge, very well designed for groups, 1 on 1, etc........the staff is strong and the drinks are amazingly inexpensive considering the surroundings..........Great place for any environment and will be back often!.........(reason just a 4 is the downstairs LIVING ROOM bar/lounge is rather small and not up to speed with the spots in NYC and Ft.Lauderdale)
OK, Stopped by to meet friends on Opening Night on a Thursday and it was jam packed!.......Was able to secure a table outside and was pleasantly surprised how well the misters worked in keeping in wonderfully cool outside at 6:00 pm......Enough TV's outside with background speakers for the NBA Finals.........food was promo priced and very, very good........highly recommend the lightly battered zuchini, burgers and pork sandwiches were also top notch.......the main bar can be walked around in its entirety and is ably staffed, although the satellite bar in the back is poorly positioned and equally poorly stocked.....so don't expect anything beyond the most common drinks back there.......or if you like Iced Tea Vodka you need to look elsewhere so far...........Very nice, polite staff......Will return.........Plenty of Parking and enough outside seating that you can wander and have a good time all over the place.  Went back again on Friday and the live music was entertaining enough and the mixed-aged crowd was very interesting!!!!......LADIES, be VERY weary of the elderly, grey haired, sandel-clad men that had NO PROBLEM walking up to seemingly left-behind or nearly empty glasses and then putting their straw in them to "finish" whatever was left in the glass!!!......We watched these 2 oldtimers do that all around the bar.....quite hysterical really.......but it is what it is in that part of North Scottsdale......
Britannia Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway. As we live nearby we had previously been given a 15% discount card which is a great incentive to re-visit.We went for dinner on Saturday night before the cinema and the staff were polite and friendly as ever. Each time a waiter comes to your table it is a different person which can be a bit odd but they are always nice.On this visit i had the Thai Sesame Chicken which was delicious, so full of flavour. We also shared a garlic naan, chipati and poppadums. All very tasty.When we asked for our bill i showed our discount card and then a waiter (who appeared to be more senior) came over and offered us a free whisky each as we were local which i thought was a really nice touch. We politely declined and as he held the door open as we were leaving he told us to remind him next time and he will give us free whisky.
This is one of the most dangerous places i could visit, so be warned!!My darling Sara.P recently introduced me to this place and i'm in love with it. I was like a child in a sweet shop looking at their menu of coffee, tea and hot chocolate, not to mention the vast array of cakes, muffins, croissants...The hot chocolate is actually liquid chocolate, heaven in a tea cup. One of my favourite things about this place is the mismatch of old tea cups and sauces. So pretty and girly! :)I can't wait for the summer (yes, i'm still being optimistic that we will get some sun) as they have a bit of outside seating. As i used to live in Bruntsfield, i do have a deep and everlasting love and affection for the area and this place sums up what Bruntsfield is all about! So, "what is the danger?" i hear you say... the danger is that if i keep visiting here i will eat and drink my body weight in chocolate, cakes and muffins! A severe chance of death by chocolate if ever there was one :)
The Place is a nice place. Joe and I visited here last Saturday afternoon for a quick drink. I had a glass of prosecco and he had a JD and diet coke, both were nice and fairly reasonably priced.Reasons why I like it include: table service, lots of nice and comfy seats, fairly decent cocktail menu (if a little pricey).However, it is lacking a bit of atmosphere and the food menu doesn't contain anything special that makes me want to go back and eat there.It is a pleasant location for a drink.
I'm not quite sure what to say about this place other than it is AMAZING! My chocolate knowledge has expanded and my new favourite is chilli chocolate. The chilli hot chocolate is also divine (just don't wear white when you drink it, yes i dribbled). There are seats through the back so you can drink this chocolate goodness and admire the library of chocolate and decide what to devour next. I can't wait to go back and try something else new :)Also, my theory (i'm sure you will all agree) is that chilli chocolate obviously counts as one of your five a day as it has veg in it. So yes, chocolate is good for you and healthy!
I love tapas, i am terrible at making decisions so it helps being able to order a few different dishes instead of just one. I recently visited my sister in Seville, Spain, and enjoyed lots of authentic and delicious tapas. So Cafe Andaluz had a lot to live up to.Kelly F and i visited last night and neither of us had been before. It is huge inside and not waht i expected, in a good way. The staff were nice, although we did struggle slightly when ordering drinks due to the language barrier, probably more to do with my funny accent.We went for the set menu and of 3 tapas and a dessert for about 12, however, we were both starving and ordered four tapas each. The waiter asked if we wanted to substitute our desserts for the extra tapas which was great as neither of us were fussed about dessert.We ordered patatas bavas, baby squid, meat balls, black tiger prawns, marinated chicken, black pudding with chutney, and pork cheek. The dish i as most excited about was the baby squid, but unfortunately i was very disappointed. The bits of squid were tiny, overcooked and covered in far too much batter. The pork cheek was tender and lovely, but the sauce it was in was awful, tasted really peculiar and burnt. However, those are my only 2 complaints. Everything else was delicious, the tiger prawns were really big and juicy and the black pudding was sooooo tasty!I had a lovely time there and will definitely be back, i just won't order the pork cheek or baby squid. I will try the calamari next time and hopefully that will be better.
I took my better half here for dinner last night for his birthday. Tuk Tuk had been on our radar for a while but we hadn't yet got around to visiting. As we were going to the cinema at Fountainpark in the afternoon we decided to go here after. I totally forgot to take a photo of the food (sorry Robyn) but it looked as good as it tasted.This super informal restaurant is home to a lovely chilled environment with nice staff and great food. What more could you ask for? Also, it is BYOB with free corkage, so nip next door to Scotmid, grab a cheapy bottle of wine and settle in Tuk Tuk for the evening.The menu contains a vast array of authentic Indian street food dishes. We order about 8 dishes to share between us, including lamb, veg and chicken, accompanied by a couple of delicious cheese naans and a roti. I can't remember the exact dishes we ordered but everything was so full of flavour and tasty, I would recommend going there and just ordering a variety of dishes that you have no idea what they are.My only criticism (and why I haven't given it 5 stars) was that the food wasn't hot (temperature), it was all pretty luke warm. However, this is easily fixed and I'm sure we'll be back there again very soon. Highly recommend it!
Highlight of one beach trip... jellyfish!The beach and promenade are a bit grubby and tacky, but you are not fooled into thinking you are off to the Scottish version of Barbados. It does exactly what it says on the tin, it has sand and a lovely view out into the sea. My tip for visiting is to have pretty low expectations, have your wellies on and wrap up warm, then you'll have a whale of a time!
Visited Real Foods for the first time yesterday at the Yelp event, and i loved it. It is like an Aladdin's cave of goodness. From mushroom ketchup to kelp noodles, they have it all.The healthy chocolate truffles (main ingredient being dates) were delicious AND good for you. I can't wait to make some myself.We were given a great little wine tutorial which was really interesting and tasty! The only problem i have with the shop is that i want to buy everything! It is such an inspiring place to visit and the staff are so friendly and knowledgeable. I can't wait to go back for a look around, who knows what weird and wonderful spices and products i'll leave with :)
The Royal Mile is the name given since the 16th-century to a succession of streets which form the main thoroughfare of the Old TownAs the name suggests, the Royal Mile is approximately one Scots mile long, and runs between two foci of history in Scotland, from Edinburgh Castle at the top of the Castle Rock, down to Holyrood Palace.I really like Games workshop as that is where I go to paint my warhammer figurines. Sometimes I hang out at the Tron Kirk as that is where the ghost tours leave from. I'm too afraid to actually go on one, but I like to watch in the hope that one day I'll build up courage to go on one. It's a bit like climbing ladders to get over a fear of heights.There are lots of street performers on the Royal mile which is actually pretty fun so long as there are not too many people watching. Other places I like to go are the Fudge shops where occasionally I like to watch them at work, sometimes I even buy some fudge. I went to the childrens toy museum once also but that gave me nightmares. In some places I get a bit annoyed at the narrowness of the streets however you can overcome this by just rolly-polly-ing down the middle of the street.Do's - Goto the Royal MileDon'ts - Don't go to the Royal Mile.
Whenever I'm on a night out on George Street, we always pay Candy Bar a visit. They do pretty cheap cocktails so that's reason enough for me! So when I was invited to my friend's hen do (with 13 girls from England) and I was told we'd be heading to Candy for a cocktail class and food I thought this would be the perfect venue. It wasn't.The girl who organised it had gone into Candy a couple weeks previously and booked the cocktail class. When we walked in last Saturday evening it was soon made apparent that they never actually wrote down the booking. They knew about it but hadn't got anything prepared. After much discussion they finally agreed to squeeze us in for the class but asked if we would eat our food first. They cleared some space for us to sit down and eat and in the mean time offered us drinks, but didn't offer them on the house even though they had clearly really messed up. We suggested that they maybe should be on the house and they agreed.When we sat down for food we ordered wine, this was clearly a very difficult order as they came back multiple times asking what we'd ordered, then they brought us the wrong order, this kept happening.As for the food... I know it is all very cheap (burger for around a fiver) so I didn't expect much, but I did expect it to be edible. To start with I had potato wedges with a sour cream and chive dip. They were OK (but I was starving) but there were no chives in the sour cream. For my main course I chose the turkey burger. I was described as being served on a 'squishy bun'. This was not the case, the bun was toasted and completed rock solid so it just crumbled apart. The slab of turkey in the bun was completely over cooked, dry and cold!When we eventually got round to the cocktail making class, the guy who was running it (an Aussie guy) was lovely and the class was really fun. We all made three cocktails each and he was very patient with 14 excitable ladies.So overall, the class was great but the rest was a disaster. The fact that they made little effort to compensate for their mistakes made it seem like they didn't care. They had 14 girls there all willing to spend lots of money and they made no effort.
I recently had a quarter life crisis (i turned 25) and so decided to get a tattoo. I had been to Tribal before to get my tragus pierced and then again to get another bit of my ear pierced and booked my tattoo. The place is really clean and the professional. The lady who does the piercings is really nice and makes you feel very at ease. The prices are pretty reasonable too.On Saturday i went to get my tattoo. The guy that did it was very patient and friendly. He drew a couple of designs for me until i was happy then he talked me through everything so i felt relaxed. The tattoo itself was ridiculously painful, apparently the ribs was not a wise place to get it. After it was done he was full of praise for how i handled it which was very sweet.Overall, i would only ever go here to get any piercings/tattoos and totally recommend them :)
Well Mum's Great Comfort Food certainly lived up to it's name! We were instantly greeted by an unbelievably friendly member of staff full of great chat. The menu is great, the main dishes are burgers, bangers and mash and pies. You get to choose which mash you want from a huge list such as red onion and basil, cheese and onion, leek and bacon etc.My only advice would be don't eat for 2 days before you visit. I ordered the steak and ale pie with black pudding and apple mash and when it arrived i was shocked by the enormity of it. It really was enormous. This could be a bit off putting for some people but luckily i was starving. The pie was delicious and i couldn't fault it, but the mash was a bit disappointing. To be honest it seemed a bit more like instant mash.Overall i loved this place. The staff are amazingly friendly and love to have a good chat with everyone, and the food is certainly very comforting! I can't wait to go back!
I used to work on York Place and so most lunch times I would go to The Square. The staff were super friendly and the sandwiches and hot dishes such as yummy mac'n'cheese.One thing in particular that I like is that they post their soups daily on Facebook so you can decide before you go, and they always have something different, from Smoked Turkey and yellow split pea to Sweet potato beetroot and feta.There were always queues out the door at lunch time so they opened up another place 5 mins just down the road.I haven't been for a while so I'm definitely due another visit :)
For a number of months, every time i left the office (Rutland Square) to go for lunch, i was thrust a flyer for discounted food at the Ghillie Dhu. I'm not going to lie, i was sceptical about how this would be... the result was that i was pleasantly surprised.One day a couple of weeks ago, a group of us in the office decided yto go out for lunch, so due to my previous experience of the GD promotion, i suggested here. I ordered a chicken and leek pie and it was delicious. Served in the dish it was cooked in, on a wooden board, with chips served in a little mock deep fat fryer cage/net/basket, and a tiny little dish of peas. It was all very tasty, but i didn't eat all the peas as my fork wouldn't fit in the dish, so what was i going to do, pour them out on the wooden board so they fall off onto the table? A minor detail but silly none the less. All in all, i was very pleasantly surprised. If anything it may have been a bit over priced for what it was, but i would go back again. They also often post offers on Facebook which seem pretty reasonable!
All in all, a little bit manky but has a decent variety of shops. There is a big Sainsburys and a more recent addition of a big Asda. They are both nice supermarkets and I have no complaints there. Sandwiched between them in IKEA which is an absolute delight and necessity for Edinburgh.Further down from Sainsburys there are many more shops and LOTS of terrible potholes in the road. There is a lovely big Next home store, a few bargain stores and a Homebase.Overall, if you need something, I am sure Straiton will have a shop where you can find it.
I used to go to this bar a lot back in my uni days, but recently when Sara P and I were walking to her house, and I was about to pass out because I was so hungry, we decided to pop in here for dinner. Since then, we went back again, this time with Joe A. and just for a few drinks.It has had a much needed refurb since I used to visit and looks a lot better. Pretty chilled out environment. There are two sides to the place (literally), if you turn right when you go through the door then there is more of a restaurant feel to it, if you turn left then there is often sport of the TV and a couple of regulars propped up at the bar.Staff are pretty friendly and attentive. The first time we went, we were served by a very helpful lady who went out of her way to serve us. The second time the men behind the bar seemed pretty decent.Granted it was a weekday both times we visited, but it was pretty dead. It used to be full to the brim with students and every day is a weekend for them so I don't know if they are trying to move away from being a student pub a bit now.The menu is quite attractive and when I ate there I had a steak pie and it was pretty tasty.I think this place is what it is. They are always showing sport, the drinks are pretty cheap and they serve pub food. One thing though, in the summer it is usually mobbed as they face out onto the Bruntsfield Links and have lots of tables outside so it is great to sit in the sun (if we ever see it again).
This was my doctors when I lived in Bruntsfield when I was at uni and it was my doctors again when I moved back to the area last year. I cannot really fault them.They offer open surgery every morning where you phone at 8am and can usually get an appt. at about 10/11am. You can also order repeat prescriptions online and pick them up from your chosen pharmacy.The GPs themselves are all lovely too. I have had to visit this practice for some pretty major reasons over the last few years and they have always been fantastic and helped me so much. Now I've moved back down to Leith again I will have to move to a different practice which will be such a shame.I receommend that anyone who is in the catchment area should register here :)
I have to admit, I was swaying between two and three stars, and had it not been for the comfy sofa and hilarious honesty of a member of staff, I might have gone for 2.So the reason I visited this place was because I bought an itison voucher, 2 starters, 2 mains, and a cocktail pitcher for 15. Not bad! But I made the rookie error of buying the voucher before I knew anything about the place, looked at the menu or read any reviews. If I had then I would have bought it. So it's safe to say I was not looking forward to my visit.None the less, I went with Joe A last night. I think the location is great and the place itself is slightly tired looking, but quite a good space with lots of seats upstairs and the bar downstairs. We walked in upstairs and I noticed the reserved table with my name on it so we sat down. A few members of staff clearly clocked us but to no avail so Joe went down and told someone we were here. A young guy came and took our drinks order and left us to look at the food menu. Whilst we were looking, another member of staff came over, looking a bit fed up, and Joe asked her what the soup of the day was, her response..."Tomato and basil, but I really DON'T recommend it, it's not good". This cracked us up, I REALLY appreciate her honesty, however, if it wasn't for the fact we had a voucher I would have just walked out. If you can't make tomato soup well, then the rest of the food has no hope!The menu was a scrappy sheet of paper and very limited. I chose the baked Camembert followed by the cooked breakfast (random I know, but the menu really didn't appeal to me). The Camembert was fine, think they might just have been defrosted then deep fried, and the breakfast was below average. I'm not really sure how you can get a cooked breakfast wrong but it wasn't great.So basically, I would return if I was nearby but just for a drink.
I've been visiting this salon for a while as I bought an IPL voucher from Groupon. The salon is a lovely place and the staff are very friendly. I've been receiving my IPL treatment for a few months and i've also had my legs waxed here. No complaints about anything :) The salon is a bit out of town but if you live near by it's perfect.
We've just moved to the area and this is our new local! Now don't get me wrong, it's no Villager or Bond No.9, but at the same time it's not trying to be something it's not. The Bonnington is a nice, simple, clean and friendly local pub. It isn't trying to be some fancy bar or serve Michelin star food. It serves good priced traditional pub food with a well stocked reasonably priced selection of beverages.They are often showing the football on their TVs but the sound is only on in the top section of the bar, so if football isn't your thing then you can sit down in the bottom section.The decor is nice and cosy, the staff are really friendly, they have live music on Saturday nights and a pub quiz on a Sunday. For those who have a dog, it is also dog friendly. So far I have tried the wine (the house red and white are both pleasant and very cheap), the chilli nachos (very tasty) and the steak and Guinness pie which was delicious with a fluffy puff pastry lid.What more could you ask for from a local pub?
This is one of the closest shops to my work place. It is adequate, that is all. It isn't the biggest House of Fraser but it basically has a pretty decent range of concessions inside, Warehouse, Mango, Oasis and others.I don't have to much else to say about it. There is a Caffe Nero inside too which is OK. There used to be a Paperchase section but that has now been removed which is a shame.
A couple of years ago I moved from Leith up to the Meadows. I used to get my hair done at Cheynes in Newhaven but I had the senior stylist and it would be up 125 a visit. So when I moved flat I wanted to move hairdressers. I asked on the Great Little Place Edinburgh Facebook page and they asked their fans. One of the results was a freelance hairdresser, Cheryl, who was trained by Cheynes but is much cheaper because she just rented a chair in a physio in Marchmont. Now she has opened up her own salon, still in Marchmont.I can't recommend Cheryl highly enough. She does an excellent job of colouring my hair and her prices are so reasonable. She is also very flexible on times which is great if you work 9-5 Mon-Fri.If you're looking for a new hairdresser or just fancy a change, give Cheryl a call. She is lovely :)
This bar/restaurant/hotel is in a great location just off the West end of Princes Street. I visited a few times when it was The Hudson and it was OK but in desperate need of a refurb and a good clean.I went to the opening night of the Angels Share a few months ago and was very impressed with what I saw. It looks lovely inside now and I got to try a few canaps that definitely left me wanting more. So last week I returned and took my auntie there as she was visiting Edinburgh and I met her on my lunch break.It was pretty quiet but the staff were very lovely and friendly. I chose the macaroni cheese with salted beef and it was absolutely delicious. Served in the wee pot it was cooked in was torture as I had to wait for it to cool down a bit. The cheese sauce was delicious and very, very rich. There were little chunks of salted beef throughout the dish and this was cooked to perfection. I couldn't fault the dish.Now I just can't wait to go back and try something else!
It's a post office, there isn't much to say. But the staff are pretty friendly and very helpful. I got what I wanted posted so job done. Overall, a decent post office, can't really complain. I only went there because I needed to, but I will go again.
Visited The Bon Vivant for the first time last night and loved it. The staff were lovely, the atmosphere was very cosy and relaxed and the food was absolutely delicious! We chose food from the bites menu, 1 each. Obviously as the names suggests they were literally bites. But you can order some, then order more if you are still hungry. I had breaded brie with pesto, haggis balls, black pudding, squid and i couldn't fault any of it. Basically i can't wait to go back as they just left me wanting more! :)
You can have just about ANYTHING you want in a milkshake. From Haribo to caramel shortbread to actual pieces of gold.The normal milkshakes are made with vanilla ice cream or you can get a healthy low fat option.I had the caramel shortbread milkshake for 2.95 and it was DELICIOUS.So, need I say anymore?
I was taken here by my boyfriend for my birthday at the end of December and we both thought it was great! As we live down by the shore we have been to most restaurants in the area but had yet to go here so this was a perfect opportunity.We were greeted when we walked in, shown to our table and our coats were taken. The atmosphere was very relaxed and had a very cost feel to it making you feel very at ease. The staff were friendly, especially a male member of staff who had a lovely manner and walked around whistling, very cheery. We ordered our wine and everything on the menu sounded delicious so it was a tough choice. To start with i had terrine which was very tasty and presented well with caramelised onion chutney and little oatcakes, a perfect amount. For my main course i had Pork belly & king scallops with Butternut squash, chorizo, confit tomato. The pork belly was served in two cube pieces which was again a perfect amount, i really can't fault the dish at all.After all this we were both full so we shared a pudding, a chocolate pot with orange shortbread. I was relieved we shared it as it was quite large and rich. It was a bit disappointing and i couldn't taste any orange in the shortbread, but of course we ate it all :)Overall i loved this restaurant and was very close to giving it five stars. We will definitely be going back!
What's this that has popped up on Morrison Street out of nowhere? Another Shebeen! For those of you who don't know, the original Shebeen is located next to Mithas down at the Shore, Leith. So this new addition was a very welcome surprise.We decided to pop in for a drink at the weekend to see what it's all about. I think it is easiest if I just split my experience into pros and cons.The pros:- Great central location.- Fun South African themed interior.- We didn't eat this time but we saw food being served and the the traditional South African menu looks amazing.- Friendly staff.The cons:- I had to change my drink order 3 times before they actually had the drink in stock.- It is pretty small and chilly inside.- The staff seemed a little nervous and unsure of what they were doing.I shall forgive the cons. They are very newly opened and it is only natural to have teething problems, as long as they get them ironed out. For now, I wouldn't return for a drink (as it is just a small restaurant area) but i will go to their Leith bar for a drink, and I will return to Morrison Street to sample their exciting menu. After that I will update my review with the outcome :)
All in all, a little bit rank. I didn't go there expecting much, but what i did get was an overpriced disappointing burger with fatty bacon. I know it offers what it says on the tine, fast food, but for the price i would have rather have gone to Illegal Jacks or somewhere.The best bit was the fact that i was hungover and therefore made the most of the diet coke refills!
Fantastic Butchers. It was refurbished a year or two ago and it now a huge, clean and well laid out space inside. They have a chiller with a variety of pre-prepared meats, including Irn Bru sausages, which were on offer 3 packs for 11, or about 4 each.The staff were super friendly and chatty. We bought diced lamb and the butcher went out of his way to help us. They have the usual selection of meats, haggis, black pudding and offal. I recommend this butcherer extremely highly!! Maybe not for veggies though.
As i used to live near the Shore i have been to The Granary a few times, but never with a positive outcome. The interior is lovely, the staff are pleasant, the location is great, the drinks are fine, the problem is the food! When i visited one day for breakfast last year with a friend, the waitress was very sweet but when we received our food one order was totally wrong and the other just very disappointing. The prices aren't cheap so i would expect better.I was back down at the Shore again at the weekend so decided to give it another try. A decision i regretted. I ordered the soup and sandwich of the day, parsnip and carrot soup and bacon, brie and cranberry sandwich, for 5.99, not too bad. The soup was extremely bland, not a good start. The sandwich also wasn't great, the brie seemed more like feta which was a bit odd.So basically i have tried with this place but never been impressed. I would go there for a drink but won't try eating there again unless i hear they have a new chef.
I love New Look for a few reasons; their reasonably priced shoes, up to date fashionYes they have lots of tacky, low quality crap, but they are reliable and if i need a new top/shoes/dress then i can always find what i'm after. So when this new shop opened recently i was a very happy bunny, but also very worried as it is a five minute walk from my office. The shop itself is great, set over two floors they have everything i need. The staff are super friendly, but not in a fake way. They genuinely seem like they want to help me and have a chat with me. I love this. However, i'm not so keen on the greeter at the door. I either find it intimidating or off putting to have someone in your face as you walk n the door, this does seem a tad forced and fake.Overall, this is a great edition to Princes Street. New Look might not be everyone's cup of tea, but they do exactly what they say on the tin. Fun, affordable fashion with the staff to match.
I pass this place on my walk to and from work every day, so i was very happy to see it open last week. A colleague of mine (who is also a food blogger) visited earlier in the week and was raving about it, so this just reinforced my desire to visit. Then this morning i saw a great offer on itison so i bought that but didn't use it on my visit today.I was meeting a friend for dinner and so they randomly took me there. First impressions were good. Lovely staff and they couldn't apologise enough for the fact that their cards machines weren't working yet and so they were only accepting cash, and also they had no alcohol license yet.Before you order they bring out a dish of raw cabbage with the most delicious dipping sauce. I could have just eaten plate after plate of this! We ordered and opted for the tapas set menu. About 19.50 for a set of 6 dishes if i remember correctly. Honestly, i couldn't fault any of the dishes. Succulent beef, huge king prawns, and calamari to name a few.I also had a mocktail to drink, a passion fruit ice tea. It was very tasty and so i can't wait to have a cocktail when i go back with my itison voucher.The bill came to just over 30 and they even offered us a little complimentary orange sorbet which was a nice touch.One thing i'm not sure about YummyTori is the view out of the restaurant, looking across the road at the strippers, Bottoms Up, and the "Sauna" above it. I know they can't help that but maybe another location cold have been better.Overall, the food spoke for itself and i can't wait to return! :)
I visited Mimi's once a couple years ago and fell in love. But then I moved away from the area and never returned until yesterday! Since my first visit they've expanded. Before it was a bit cramped, especially as they're so popular and always packed. So now the tables are more spread out it has a lovely atmosphere. I had a cappuccino and a mint Aero slice, both were delicious! I have never heard a bad thing about their cakes, they look beautiful and taste amazing! I get tempted by their photos everyday when they post them on Facebook.They also have an alcohol licence so this seems to be a popular place for hen dos, afternoon tea and a bottle of bubbly, sounds good to me! :)
Had the table side guacamole and it was amazing! Enrique was very knowledgeable of the menu items! Guys ask for Enrique.... He will take care of you!!! Thanks Enrique!!!
Absolut toller Laden!! Netter service! Rund herum stimmt's einfach!!Und alles ist soooo lecker mhhhhhh
My colleague read about this place in her hotel room suggestions and asked that we check it out. I wish I had checked Yelp before agreeing. I'm only giving 2 stars because the service was good. We had 2 servers that took care of us at all times. However, the food was very disappointing. It literally had no flavor. We started with an $8 plate of edamame that didn't even have salt on them. The worlds tiniest spring rolls came next, they were almost the size of a tootsie roll. I ordered the Spicy Laksa Lemak, a Malay dish that is supposed to be a spicy curry sauce over noodles and seafood. What I received was a bowl of noodles with coconut broth and seafood and fried tofu. It had no flavor at all. I put half the bowl of chilies from the table in it and still couldn't taste any flavor. My table mate said that her curry chicken noodles also had no flavor. The one person that was happy with their meal had the honey walnut prawns, with were like little funnel cakes. Meals in Vegas are too expensive to be this disappointing. I have another week here, hopefully the Palazzo won't continue to disappoint.
OMFG!!!!     I remember this place back when it was located on Chandler Heights Rd.  I met the owner and he hooked me up with a bomb breakfast. I never made it back.    My ex wife had mentioned the name the other day and I asked if it was the same joint. Low and effing behold. 2.5 miles from my house.........THE HEN HOUSE!! And it is still amazing. My server was chill and somewhat prompt. One negative point; he forgot to keep my coffee full.    I ordered The Barn Burner. IT WAS FANTASTIC!!!  And priced perfectly. Atmosphere is nice. I'm now a regular and  will be returning almost every weekend. Buh Bye Black Bear Diner!!!
I saw this place on Cory`s Corner on Fox 10 and immediately went in there the very next day. I paid $7 for a 12" sandwich combo and it was awesome. I've since returned and have recommended this place to friends and family. I'm going to try the chorizo this week. There is one slight hiccup though, one of the sandwich makers has had poor body language and seemed upset that business continually walks in. This has happened on every occasion that I have been there. Not very welcoming.
Wow!!!!I followed a server in who's shift started at 5pm. She finally asked if I needed help at 5:25 pm. I asked for a manager and she said "we have a cook!" WTF???I got my drink at 5:30. I'm just offended lolBars are bars, bit this is Reeeedic!!!"We have a cook"??????I'm still laughing.
First of all!!!The ambience is super cool!!It's a Lucha Libre Theme. The dining room has Luchadores paintings and pictures. That alone wins my heart.The food???  Amazing!!!It's a taco shop, so of course, I ordered the street tacos. I got asada, green chile, spicy red  chicken, and pork.  The meats were juicy and so effing delicious. They have a small salsa bar with this serrano peppers mix that was spicy and my favorite since I love serrano peppers.  The guy working here (not sure if he's the owner) recommended this guac sauce thing that was bomb. Highly satisfied.  If you're in the area seriously try this place. I found this place doing some work up in this part of town. It's totally a date night joint.I will most definitely return.
Everything was perfect. I arrived very hungry, the store was very clean.  Brandy took my order and was very friendly and thorough. The food was excellent.  I ordered a 3 pc. Combo (all breasts) and the price was good. I'm super happy and super full.
I am a frequent Sprouts Customer. I love all the products and prices. Today stunk. The cashier Marisa was in a mood and this visit was not pleasant.  It was obvious that she didn't want to be at work today.  I think, when associates are ticked off, they should assign them away from customer service. Serious WOW!!!!!
Very good!!!I happened to show up on the day the health inspector showed up lol.I ordered The Rudy Burrito. Very big and very good.The girl that took my order was super nice and shes the owners daughter. Chips and salsa are gratis.The inspector seemed impressed with the joint as well.$7.57 with water cup and chips and salsa.
I drove 7 miles to try this joint and I wasn't disappointed. The California Burger was good (I made it a double). The onion rings were really good. Downside? Small portions with the o-rings. And the price was a little high. I will definitely come back. My total out the door about $12.50.
The Tombstone!!!!!Enough said, better be able to take the heat!!!Awesome Joint!!Good atmosphere!!
Not a great experience this time around. And I'm not complaining about the food. It was OK. The lady that took my order did not seem too happy to be there. She greeted me with a stoned face of discontent. I actually felt bad for coming in to eat. She didnt have a name tag on, I guess that's a good idea in the time of the yelp. My receipt had Tania printed on it. She is a short Hispanic Woman. As far as the food, it came out in about minute and the fries were a little old, but it's sort of expected in FF.This used to be my favorite CJ's, but I think I'll go to a different location from now on.
WOW!!! What is going on with this place????It's been a couple of months since I've been back. Once again,  I left extremely disappointed. I got seated and it took a few minutes for a server to come to my table. Now, it seems like every time I visit,  there's an issue with who's got my table. My last visit, I left because nobody greeted me. I ordered The Grizz eggs medium, country potatoes,  no pancakes extra sourdough. My eggs came over easy and RUNNNY!!! The bread, was not toasted and had no butter  (I had to ask for spread) there was this half eaten leaf lettuce with a limp square of watermelon that I'm assuming was garnish.  This place is popular and used to be flawless.  Somewhere it went south. I'm taking the hint, it seems as if I'm not a welcomed customer. I'm now at place called Hen House Cafe. I highly recommend it. It won't matter, BUT I AM NEVER RETURNING TO BLACK BEAR DINER. GOODBYE!!!
First time visiting this restaurant.  The place is set up really nice. Sat at a high top so I could watch some football. Server was really nice and prompt, her name is Ashley. I ordered the burger and my friend ordered a pizza. The burger was really good, loved the fresh pickle slices and it was cooked perfect. I had a slice of the pizza, and I was not impressed,  it just didn't hit my taste buds right. But, it's a personal opinion. I would hit this joint up again.
Haven't had a chance to try it. I've made three attempts to eat here. All three take out trys. They don't seem to have a competent staff as of right now. I was hung up on, I tried to order on the way home and was put on hold for so long that I actually made it to the actual store and it was too crowded to wait (which is why I wanted takeout). This last time the girls were to busy arguing about a pen, or something to that effect, that I got put on hold AGAIN for more than 4 min. I guess I won't be fortunate enough to try it once again.
This is the real deal. There's nothing like it, unless of course you go to Chicago. I was beyond thrilled that this place opened up in Vegas. The dough is crisp and soft in all the right places. There is a ton of cheese, but it's not overpowering. There's something about the proportions of this deep dish which make it delicious. Please come hungry. I had to divide one slice into several meals. Maybe because I had a salad while we waited. This pizza is only for the serious. If you eat at the upstairs portion of the restaurant, you get pretty nice view of the strip. The space is really cool.Oh and as others have mentioned, it takes 45 min to 1hour to prep the pizza.
Ok place.  Fried Banana peppers were great.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was ok.  Classic burger was average.  Five Guys is better.
we stayed here back in Sep 2013. We got there on Tuesday night thru Wed. Weekday rates were extremely cheap. Its not ceaser but rooms were not too bad. We traveled the strip and only went to rooms to sleep for few hrs.
bought tickets on yelp back in June of this yr. It was a great show for 25bucks each ticket. We got to sit right in front. Mac King is very entertaining. You will not regret this show.
groupon had a great deal for 22bucks. Great show. Backup dancers were great and entertaning. Trick by Jan Rouven were outstanding. Worth the watch. Its at Riviera so old casino at the end of the strip and seats were are little outdated. But still a great show
Horrible promoters. All lies and scams. They honestly ruined my entire Vegas experience. Don't ever fall for them. 0 stars to be honest. If you're that desperate to get into this basic club just pay and skip the line.
I stay here sometimes when I'm in town for work bc its close to my client office. I cant say that I'm a huge fan. The service is good, but I don't like the fact that there is no room service. The rooms with king beds are tiny and have no counter space in the bathroom. I now get a double. Also they have a dispenser in the shower for body wash and another for shampoo+conditioner. I get that its green but it doesn't seem sanitary to me. The pool is a bit lackluster too. I think the pools at the Aloft and Sheraton by the airport are much better. But its reasonably priced so it does the job.
AMAZING!!!! Ordered from here while in town for work. I ordered a gyro bowl and fattoush salad. It was a TON of food. I couldn't even finish half the bowl and my hand got tired from holding it up AND I didn't even get to the salad.The guy who took my order also delivered and even brought it up to my room (usually delivery doesn't want to come up) which is a major plus bc im usually in pjs as soon as i walk in my hotel room.It was only $14.75 for the bowl (which also came with hummus and a small salad), a (big ass) fattoush and a soda, with delivery. The guy refused to take a tip which I really wanted to give him but he refused, smiled and walked away. And business traveler bonus, they take Amex.This will most definitely be a regular dinner spot for me while on this project!!
I was staying at the Sheraton Mesa and came in a little after 5pm on a Tuesday night. The salon is clean and pretty. The manicurist was extremely nice which is why I'm giving it 3 stars, but unfortunately I got what was literally the worst manicure of my life. I was trying to find a no chip (gel) color I liked but there weren't many options. She mentioned that as long as you use a gel base and top coat, we could make a regular nail polish look like a no chip. Wrong, wrong, wrong. I had never heard that but I figured I would try it. I picked a color and we started. The whole process took just shy of two hours, TWO! I am used to a mani AND pedi in 1.5 hours so it was painful. It took forever to get the no chip off but she did do a nice job on grooming my actual nails and cuticles. Then we put the polish on and went thru a few coats. A couple nails looked bad so she said she wanted to redo them. Which I appreciate but I was exhausted and just wanted to be done. And unfortunately I could already tell it was a bad job but I just wanted to get back to my room so I did not say anything. It was 55$ and I tipped $15. When I got back to my room I could see that it was uneven and they started buckling, a few nails didn't even have paint all the way to the cuticle. There were only three nails that looked okay. It was disappointing, esp for a $70 manicure. Being from Chicago, we have an abundance of nail salons so maybe I am spoiled. Especially when you can get a no chip mani AND pedi for $50 and 1.5 hours. IF I went back, it would be bc the service was nice and I would pick an actual no chip polish but I would probably wait til I was back home.
I found this place through yelp while staying at the Aloft Tempe hotel. After a long day of traveling and client work I didn't want to go out to get food (Aloft doesn't have room service....boo). I ordered the basil stir-fry with beef and an order of edamame. They have an annoying 18$ minimum so I ordered a perrier to meet the minimum.The food arrived later than the yelp24 app estimated, the perrier was warmish, the edamame was kinda warm and the basil stir-fry came with chicken.  CHICKEN!!! I thought to myself "where's the beef?!?" but the food was very warm, the food smelled okay and I was starving so I just ate it but I wasn't happy about it. The total price came to a little over $25, which is a bit pricey for an incorrect order of thai food.
The hotel is pretty new (1yr?) and very nice looking and clean. The prices are comparable to other hotels in the area. I would probably give the hotel itself 4 stars but unfortunately the front desk service is always lacking so I think 3 stars is fair. They are borderline rude or condescending. Its hard to recall ALL the instances but it just isn't customer friendly. Little things like once I came in at 1:30 to check in the guy rudely made it a point to tell me check in is at 3 but that he'd check to see if he could help me out. As if I was asking to hangout on his couch til checkin. Ive been traveling for work for years, and have been a SPG member for years so obv I am aware of policy but if there are rooms available its never a problem. Also they insist on keys being dropped off before they can check me out. As if i want to take them home? And I have to call back to request my folio bc even tho they say its been emailed, it hasnt. Nothing major but just annoying. Nothing some training could not address.Altho I have a feeling that now that I'm Platinum, they'd be nicer but idk if I care to find out.
On a project in Canton but drive to Akron to stay here (20 min drive). The rate is usually $122 (plus tax) per night. The rooms are great, one bed room suites with a sitting area, desk and little dinette. Super plus, this location has a Club Lounge - but I never make it with enough time to eat anything but you can always grab drinks. I haven't dined in but have ordered their room service which is decent, I wish they had healthier options but room service usually doesn't.Overall its a great spot in a cute town. I will stay here as long as as the weather isn't crazy and my commute is around 20 min.
I wasn't sure about coming to this Best Buy bc of the reviews but while in Tempe for some client work I realized I forgot my laptop charger back home in Chicago. With limited options, I stopped in here with my laptop hoping they'd have a charger. Unfortunately they didn't have the Dell charger I needed, and they didn't have a universal charger with the proper dell connector and wattage for my model but the computer sales guy sat with me and opened up three different chargers so we could test which worked. I ended up getting a universal charger with a dell adapter but one with the incorrect wattage. It isn't one I can use regularly without compromising the battery and I wasn't happy about having drop almost $90 but it did the job. I wasn't thrilled about the selection/options but was very pleased with the service.
I stay here sometimes when I fly in for work bc the prices are very reasonable (corp discount) and the service. I'd probably give the hotel alone a solid 3 stars but the service at the front desk is so great I have to give it a 4. They remember my name and even how to pronounce it. They're always asking if I need anything and will coordinate a shuttle if I need it (i always forget at check in but sometimes the slots fill up).Altho the first couple times I came here, I didn't have SPG Gold status yet so I got stuck in non-renovated rooms (boo). Those were dingy and the beds were pretty bad. But once I got Gold status they offered a complimentary Platinum upgrade so I got better rooms and availability to the bfast and evening apps. And now I'm finally Platinum so I get even better rooms. The pool area is also pretty nice. Idk if I would suggest staying here for leisure but for business it definitely does the job. I prefer it to the Aloft properties and even the Sheraton in Mesa (which is beautiful but service is lacking).
Hired Raymond from Perfect Sounds DJ Service on a recommendation from a friend, and we couldn't have been more pleased. He was the DJ for our daughter's wedding reception at The Firehouse Restaurant in Old Sac on October 21, 2011, and everything went so smoothly, as he was right on top of everything from start to finish. He MC'd every move throughout the night, provided music exactly as we had discussed, was prompt, dressed professionally, and had top notch equipment and sound. He was very easy to work with, and responded to every email or phone call from us without delay. His video montage was simply amazing.  We would highly recommend DJ Raymond to any future bride looking for a DJ for their special night.
Walked in to get my inspection done - they fit me in last minute. Really nice! And cheaper than Jiffy Lube. The only issue is they try to up-sell you on things to "fix" on your car. Would still recommend!
This is the worst Starbucks on this end of town. The employees are always rude (except for Ricky). They usually don't chitchat, or even say hi. On my last visit, I don't think anyone even made eye contact. There's often a long line in the morning. If I were you, I'd just drive to the Starbucks at 99th & Lower Buckeye.
If there's any downfall to this school, it's that it's really big. Sometimes details fall through the cracks with the front office administration, but that's life. They always correct it, and are all so sweet. That said, our family loves Miss Corrina and Miss Alexis!!! They're the best! They're so interactive in class and do the cutest little projects. Our kids talk about them all the time and it's easy to see that they truly care about our kiddos. TutorTime, give Corrina and Alexis a raise!!!
I absolutely love the strawberry and sweet potato salad and their cucumber lemonade! This is a family favorite!
I went after work; around 6:20pm and got right in. They were closing at 7p so I had a pedicure and gel mani at the same time. Everything was great: the store is clean, the lady doing my mani had great English, free bottles water, thorough work. The only thing keeping me from giving five stars is that the lady doing my pedi was slow.
I called at 8pm and Dave was at our house in Avondale by 8:30. Our garage door had a broken spring which he was able to quickly replace. Added bonus...the door is quieter than it ever has been!! Dave was personable and friendly, I would be comfortable with him even if my husband wasn't home. We will definitely call again if/when any issues arise.
My husband came in by himself with two toddlers and was made to wait for over an hour in a hot exam room. He and both kids were sweaty by the time they were seen. The provider asked lots of questions that should have been in the MR already - were thorough notes not taken the last time we were in?  The provider gave the most basic instructions for caring for our child. If a parent isn't asking the right questions, I believe it's the job of the provider to explain things that aren't be asked, or at least provide printed materials for the parent to take home with more info. We felt ignored and blown off at our first visit as well and decided to give the practice a second chance. We will not be returning to this practice.
Awful service from the beginning. I received a groupon for a spa mani/pedi. I called five times before I got an appointment. Usually, Gemma would answer, sounded busy, and would tell me that me would call me back - which didn't happen until the fifth try. When I showed up, the Suite # listed on the groupon was incorrect and there was no way to locate her suite as the name in her door does not read "Spa DG Couture" (which I what the groupon said). I had to find another shop owner who kindly showed me the way. AND THEN, she wasn't even there. I tried calling her TWICE, she finally called back 17 minutes after my appointment time and asked if I was "at her other shop." Seriously? She was 30 minutes late, did a decent job, was nice enough, but rushed me out about two Kikuyus after she finished...my nails weren't dry at all.
Everything was spectacular EXCEPT the medical care I received. The waiting room, exam room, and restroom were spotless, and the MA and office staff were nice. The PA who was working on the day I COMPLETELY BLEW ME OFF. Ignored my symptoms, and told me that what I'd already done to relieve my symptoms were pointless (I know enough being raised by a NP to know that they weren't). She didn't even do an exam until I ASKED HER TO. She didn't ask me any questions, and didn't listen it what I was saying. She offered a shot of a pain killer and I told her that I wasn't interested in pain relief...I wanted to take care of what was causing the pain...a few minutes later the MA walked in with the shot. ATE YOU KIDDING ME? WAS SHE EVEN LISTENING?! WebMD will be more helpful than this place.
I love Camp Bow Wow in Avondale and so do my two pooches! The people at Camp Bow Wow not only know my dogs by name, but are genuinely excited when we walk through the door. I love that there's Camper Cams you can watch from home or work (what a way for Camp Bow Wow to keep themselves accountable to their high standards). Plus, my dogs always come home exhausted from all the fun they had. I HIGHLY recommend Camp Bow Wow!
The restaurant looks great...clean and well kept. It's a bit on the small size, which means lots of waiting on a Friday night. There are no misters on the patio and only two seats for patrons waiting to be seated. My husband and I ordered the same thing: a chicken strip meal that comes with French fries and cole slaw. I asked for double slaw and no fries; Husband asked for double fries and no slaw...a pretty easy order. They messed it up. The portions were skimpy at best. The French fries were literally pathetic, the cups of slaw less than half filled. To top it off, my drink was bone dry (were talking not even a little melted ice) for 14 minutes (from the time I started counting).
Indeed, this museum is FULL of science and politics and could take a four-hour visit if you like to read and see everything.However, this museum takes today's 'interactive exhibits' idea to new extremes.  There are at least 20 soundtracks running constantly.  The effort to read or listen to one description while trying to keep the other four or five soundtracks in your immediate area out of your attention span is exhausting.  We made ourselves stay long enough to try to see and read everything and were relieved when it was finally closing time.  But, it was quite crowded there [yet another layer of noise] so maybe we are the only people who felt this way.
Solid! Really friendly service, delicious food. A fancy-ish place, but had a cool casual feel and didn't feel stuffy at all. We were a big group of about 10, and they had no issues accommodating us or our schedules (since we had a show to catch after dinner.)
Solid.Even though we were staying IN the Bellagio, we still totally got lost and showed up late for our reservation (past the grace period).  They still seated us without too much fuss.Unless you are vegetarian or have some other legit reason, you MUST get the beef carpaccio.  It is to die for, and was a great size to split for 4 people.  I also had the lamb lollipop entree, and it was great. On the pricey side, but hey it's Vegas, and the food does not disappoint.
Wow.  I'm literally standing in the check in line as I write this review and it is an ASTOUNDIMG mess. I've had better service at Taco Bell. I've been waiting in line for almost half an hour now.  Hopefully the rest of this stay is much.much.better.
Terrible service. I went several times as a student at CMU and the employees are clearly unhappy about working there.Overall, I really grew to hate this place the more I went. The food is way over-priced and the manager doesn't appear to really care about whether customers are happy.
We ordered the chicken Korma and we served some kind of chicken curry. When we asked the waiter what's wrong he replied that they don't use raisins and almonds in the Korma anymore....because people have allergies. Well they shouldn't order Korma in that case! #bullshit
I have been going to Dr. Molin for over 8 years. Yes... sometimes you have to wait. But in the last few times I went I had a wait of less than 15 minutes. He knows my chart and history. Once.. I went in for stomach/chest pains...he had me to a specialist that day and I was scheduled for surgery the next day for a gall bladder. I have had nothing but nice experiences with his front desk staff and scheduling. They seem to know me and are always helpful with whatever I need done. You get more with sugar than you do with vinegar... you speak to the girls with respect and niceness... most people will take  are of you. Also... When I call I can normally get through to a "real person" not a voice mail or on hold for 50 min. I can get a quick appointment and they will take care of prescriptions very quickly.
I found SPORTS after contacting four other PT centers. They kept telling me I needed a pulmonary therapist. My daughter recommended SPORTS, I called and spoke with Marisia. She took the time to listen to my unique story. She then said, let me talk to one of the Dr's. Dr. Jimmy P called me back and understood what I needed. He said come in during my lunch and let's talk and see whats up. He said we can figure something out and developed a program for me. The uniqueness of my case is, I had my diaphragm paralyzed from a nerve block injection during rotator cuff surgery.  Subsequently, I had a phrenic nerve transplant done by the only surgeon in the world to do them (in NY).  Luckily surgery was a success and I began to breath in my right lung. I had to find a PT who could rehab my diaphragm muscle, not my lungs.  Dr. Jimmy P. got it when four others in LV didn't. It was the first time he saw such a case and he and Ashley developed a program that was awesome! Ashley was great and always attentive. Dr. Jimmy was very interested in my case because it was new and he had never seen anything like it. I have recommended Jimmy to the surgeon as Jimmy is the only one on the west coast who I found that developed this program for me, and hopefully for others. I am not 100% and maybe never will be, but Jimmy and Ashley did what no one else in LV could do, they got me breathing again. Thanks to everyone at SPORTS, a great team!
I would highly recommend Elite Home Services to anyone who is in dire need of simplifying their busy lives! This outfit centralizes all of your home service needs into one account allowing you (busy person) to spend more quality time on enjoying life instead of managing it.    The staff is professional, reliable, customer service oriented, tech savvy and will find you the absolute best professionals in each biz to handle every detail of managing your home and service needs.
Wow wow and wow I have tried many different kinds of Wings. You know bdubs rooster(when I was in columbus) wingking lizards kfc papa johns pizza hut. Well, wings are all same? No, you can't beat bonchon wings and not only Wings but also their drumsticks which is huge and huge strips with half and half sauce (soy garlic and spicy) will blow you awayBonchon Seven Hills definitely has the world class chicken and surprisingly, it is located in Seven hills I think it s very odd location for this trendy restaurant but for me it's just 15 minutes to get here so i can't complain I travel all over the world and USA and I have very picky taste. My wife can't satisfy me most of time and also many restaurant I highly recommend chicken wings and strips I usually order 3 spicy and 7 soy strips because th air spicy is no joke and Bulgogi buldak would be another world class dishes here.don't afraid to try this amazing Korean restaurant they have not only good food but also good atmosphere with nice surrounded music
just curiosity but how they can handle those many draft beers? looks like more than 20 tabs I mean it's North Royalton! Btw, beer selection can be better!omg wings price are in somewhere 1990 era and compare to that price it's acceptable if you order a lot then 50 cents per wings you can't beat that lots of TV around so watch baseball football with wings and pizza makes me happy btw bama over osu decision was bad
best buy can be very expensive but. dry convenience!what if you need a router today and found out better price,at amazon or somewhere else?go to best buy and price match and get it today and that is what I'm doing with best buy you cant be same day purchase with price match
the best galbee in the world yes I said in the world not just cleveland!the barbeque with galbeesal or if you are a fan of pork samgyupemsal is way to go they come with verity of banchan(side diahes)and also special green onion salad for barbecue and also dipping sauce made by soybean and sometimes garlic or jalapeno pepper what you need to is put many different ingredients on lettuce with meat and wrap it to eat and you will fall in love with korea house go there and try galbee and you won't be disappointed
Wow! My buddy and I went here for a final meal before he gets married later today. It was INCREDIBLE. The service was wonderful and the food was the perfect balance of healthy and filling. I had the a chorizo pepper omelette. Delicious! I'm from out of town, but next time I'm here we are coming back.
Piggy, crunch, wings, spice, sweets, service--what's not to love, especially when they're done this well by people who love doing it?  Start with still-popping pork crackling, lightly enhanced with sriracha dust and enough for all four of us (eat the half-pops first), followed by everyone sharing belly pork, ramen mac, sweet potato bird's nest (which could pass for desert in a pinch), fire chicken (not all that fiery but amazingly flavorful), both kinds of wings (all flat available) that may not be "Korean" but sure were good, and bulgogi spring rolls--all served by the most helpful wait staff we've seen in a long, long time.  Anthony G. was superb and another gent (probably a manager) who asked us how stuff was, immediately got us even crisper pork belly (with still-juicy meat) at no extra charge.  They obviously aim to please, completely.  Fusion has become an overused cliche, but here it very aptly describes Southern style cooking of Korean favorites emphasizing the best of both worlds.
Made me a great omelet. Seems business is a little slow but hopefully a few more good reviews will help.
Vine con mi esposo porque es mi cumpleaos, y justo cayo jueves de All you can eat ( $20 por persona)  Toda la carta es deliciosa ! Y adicional pedimos unos tostones y un postre ! La atencin de Laura fue increble ! Recomendado 100%
Don't know how anyone could give this 1 star. Took my boys out to see this circus tonight in Casa Grande AZ and we had an absolute blast!! Don't expect a huge production like Ringling but this is a family run circus and their story is so inspiring to me. The acts are very fun and very entertaining, the clowns were very funny and my boys just loved them. That's what the circus should be about is having fun. This family is doing what they love and living the American dream. Take your kids and if you are a kid at heart you will love this show too.
Receptionist is super rude! We got a referral  for this doctor and I called to make an appointment and can't believe how rudely she treated me, wish we didn't have to go here now. The staff at Barrow are much nicer
My husband and I were out on a date the other night and we decided to walk around the little square in downtown Chandler because it was all lit up for Christmas. That's when I discovered this new shop, it was love at first site for me. The clothes, the hats the jewelry.. I wish I could have bought the whole store. I told my husband "if you shop here for my Christmas present you can't go wrong". Beautiful shop, it will be my new addiction too.
Things started out ok but my most recent experiences have been horrible. Last time I was in the office trying to clear up a matter about my sons medication and our insurance I was given confusing information and then made to wait a long time while the office manger talked loudly and very rudely about me from the other room, I could hear every insulting thing she was saying. We had only talked on the phone once so she had no reason to be so horrible about me other than she wanted to blame me for her mistake. Now most recently I've been trying to get my sons meds refilled, he's not suppose to suddenly stop his medication, it gives bad side effects. However I can never get through always get the machine, they take days to call back, they told me the doctor called it in to the pharmacy but when I called the pharmacy they said they haven't heard from the doctor. My son is feeling sick being off his meds for several days and no one will return my calls. They don't care about you at all here, don't ever bring your kid here.
Didn't realy have much house jucie is good other then that it was ok nice customer service might go back if i can't find the jucie i want
We arrived on april 23, the check in and everything went smooth we took a smoking room with no view ... 7 th floor was the highest we could get for a smoking room ... no air conditioner  for the smokes so 3 ppl smoking in the room and me as a non smoker couldnt get any air ... the room was so tiny clean and new tho... the pool was fun ...bathroom was so uncomfortable because of its door no lucks it was just like a hanging door .. i dunno if I'll stay here again the location was good tho check out was smooth too.
Service was horrible. It took us 10 minutes just to get someone to order then when we ordered the waiter forgot our plates and drinks. I'll say the sushi was good but there are definitely better places in the area.
I'm a fitness model so I try to eat as healthy as possible but every once in a while I'll treat myself to a gelato. After coming here I'm rethinking my occupation because I can't stop thinking about it! Me and my partner got a loveboat which comes with 4 flavors. I wasnt a fan of the vanilla but the lychee and the baileys are amazing.
The food here is truly mediocre and the service is just average for a place like this. We ordered nachos that turned out to be this awful tasteless ravioli that really punished my stomach. The sausage pasta tasted like bricks and salty tomato sauce. In contrast the only thing good here was the calmari. Will bring my girlfriend here when I decide to break up with her.
This coffee shop is awesome! It just opened  In chandler and I loved it! You should definitely try the tuna melt!!!
Amy is THE best! We come here just to see her. The food is awesome and the energy is great!! And the GM John is always very helpful too.
Very good customer serviceI asked a lot of questions and they were happy to helpWill definitely come back for more
I read the reviews from prior people before writing this.  They must have stepped up their game, or the people writing them were diva's.  I've been through Vegas 40 or 50 times in the past 10 years and this is my first stay at the Hard Rock.  I won't stay anywhere else unless they give me a damn good reason to.  We stayed in the HRH tower, had the view of the planes taking off an landing, We had a King Suite for an Unbelievable price of $290 for 5 days.  The bed was UN-FRIGGING-BELIEABLE!!!  2 TV's, GREAT room service, Super cool staff except for a waiter in the Mr. Lucky's that I wanted to bitch slap.  Everyone else - regular folk who like to smile and make it happen for you.  My wife & I were not just a number.  It was Mrs Caruso's first time in Vegas, so we went over to the strip, up to the old part of town, and just generally had a good time, but in spite of going through all the other casino's, we'd come back to the Hard Rock and look at each other as we walked in, and said ""home".  Because it was for us.  Christina, who was our 1am casino waitress seemed to intuitively know when to chat, when to stop by to check on us, and even refused a tip with a smile, saying she was ok.  Nicole, our Check out gal, was phenominal in making everything smooth and seemless for us.  Santo's, the Valet from Melbourne was a Great reference for my wife to help illustrate some of the differences between Vegas service, & Australian service (which is almost non-existant).  My wife, is also Australian, and we currently live in Brisbane.  If you've made it this far in my review, you know the rest of the story.  We had a great time, it's a Great hotel, and it's made that way by the people that work there.  I highly recommend it here.  We won't be staying anywhere else.
Most of this bar is fine for Phoenix. The one MAJOR thing that needs a tune up is the music. The DJ here is constantly having an identity crisis. He's like that annoying friend who never listens to a whole song but incessantly skips each track after 20 seconds. The DJ tries to remix the shittiest hip-hop from a decade ago. Doesn't play any pop, dance remixes, latin, or anything good for that matter. By the time people start to maybe understand the song and jive with it, oops the DJ puts on another shitty track. Maybe the DJ just has a shitty playlist from 10 years ago he keeps playing while he passes out in the back. Who knows? You could honestly Spotify your way through this one. Seriously watch people try to dance to this shit.
Best doctor ever! The staff is incerdible, he answers all of your questions and goes above and beyond to take care of you.  I had a full hip replacement 5 years ago and have not had a problem since!
Wir waren vom Essen sehr begeistert! Mussten zwar etwas lnger anstehen um einen Platz zu bekommen, aber es war noch im Rahmen. Das Essen selber war echt toll und auch der Service war sehr nett.
20
I came here very exited to try the food after work.  I walked in and I was pointed to a table to sit at my w young nice guy.  I sat where I thought I was asked to sit.  Once I sat down I was rudely moved to another table by an older guy.  The guy said "the guy asked you to sit at that other table", but said it with such a quick and nasty attitude.  I said sorry and moved to the other table.  At that point I really felt embarrassed and upset and felt like leaving.  I decided to stay anyways and try the food.  I ordered the bulgogi fries.  They were not what I expected.  The fries were soo soggy and the meat mushy.  I got the 1/2 order and I'm glad I did not order the full size because after eating 1/4 of this I started to feel nauseous.  I had ordered an order of the bulgogi rice to go.  My husband tried this and didn't like it.  He said it left a weird after taste and feeling in his tongue.  I hadn't even told him about the fries.  I will never go here again.  I don't know what everyone goes so crazy about and why the reviews are soo high for this place.  Nasty nasty and terrible service!!!!!
I came here for my 1 hour lunch break.  I ordered the pork torta ahogada.  I was not too impressed with this since I though the carnitas were going to be pulled pork and not cubed pieces of pork.  The pork did not have a lot of flavor, and I kept finding a lot of fat pieces in the sandchich.  The sauce that is used to soak the sandwhich had a bit too much oregano and was too spicy( and I love spicy food). They need to keep in mind that not everyone can handle that kind of heat.  I also ordered 1 taco, and this taco was good(but not enough to be on my fav taco place list).  I had gotten a pastor taco.  The taco was not that bad.  I am willing to give this place another shot layer on.
Ordered the meatball sandwhich and this was delish!  I also ordered a slice of cheese pizza.  This pizza was also good.  The establishment is clean.  I went for lunch break and the establishment was packed but yet I got my food pretty quickly.  I will be back for more!
Sadly i have to update my review on these tacos They used to be for me, the best tacos around in Las Vegas.  But now the person who makes them is someone new and the tacos are no longer good .I ordered some tripe tacos and they were undercooked and super soggy.  The tongue tacos were hard.  Which means the tongue was undercooked.  It's very sad that they went from being the best to being the worst.  I left them with 2 stars because their other food is ok.I have only had tacos from here.  This is a restaurant but at night they also sell tacos outside.  I don't know if they do this during the week or only the weekends.  I have always gone on weekends.  This is one of my favorite taco spots in Las Vegas along with Las Taquizas on Lamb and Bonanza. My husband also loves these and he is soo picky with his food.  The meats have soo much flavor and are tender.  They have a condiment section and you can add any of the selections on your tacos.  They have a green salsa that is very good but super spicy.  The first time I had it my nose was soo runny lol.  I hope you guys give this place a try!
The food here is  great.  Has good flavor and reminds me of my grandmas cooking.  Customer service was also good, the lady at the counter was friendly and patient while we looked at the menu and decided what we wanted.  I ordered the gordita and taco combo and everything tasted great.  My husband ordered the enchilada and taco combo.  He said this was very good.  I also ordered a champurrado and I must say that it was the best I had ever had.  The taco was good, but I have had better.  If I'm looking to only have tacos, I already have another place for that.  Since the food was so good here I know I will be returning to try other dishes.  The only thing I did not like was the way the food was served on styrofoam containers cut in half.  It just looked a little ghetto to me, and that's why they got 4 stars from me.  Also, for all the food we got and drinks, our total was $16! You can't beat that, every time I go out to dinner with my husband our total tends to be around $22.00
Just came here a few days ago.  I was expecting a lot better.  I wish the rating score would also do 1/2 points because if it did this review would be a 3.5.  I ordered 2 tacos de adobada (spicy pork), 1 tongue, and 1 tripe.  I ordered my tacos with everything which is cilantro, onion and salsa.  The adobada tacos were good.  I was not a huge fan of the tortillas.  They somewhat have a flavor that regular tacos do not have, not even tacos in Mexico.  The tongue taco was ok.  The tongue was just not too flavorful (probably not seasoned enough with salt).  The tripe taco made me disappointed.  The tortilla to this taco was warm because they had just warmed it up but the tripe was kind of cold :( which was sad because these are my favorite tacos.  The color of the lard was white with clearly shows also that the tripe was cold.  My tacos came with grilled onions and peppers.  These were good. Up to now, the best tacos in Las Vegas are still the ones on Lamb and Bonanza.  Las Taquizas.  I am trying different tacos in Vegas to see if I find any better but so far those are the best.  If I am ever in the area, and really wanted tacos, I would give this place another chance.
Best donuts in the world! Lol.  Maybe not the world, but best I've had.  I went to Pink Box and was not happy.  I will always stay with Winchell's when it comes to donuts.  Try their apple filled, everyone I know that had tried these have loved them! You will too if you like apple pie.
Absolutely Love this place.  My coworker and I come here once a week for lunch.  We order ahead because it does take some time for the staff to make our food, but it is still soo worth it!!!  I also come here with my husband often.  I have been going here pretty much since they opened.  I love the chicken pesto panini, and the vegetarian panini.  Their juices are great.
I finally got to try their famous crpes after seeing them on Facebook for so long.  I am happy that now they have their establishment.  I had their cheesecake crpe and it was delicious.  I went in with a large party and took up most of the place.  They were very nice and attentive to all of us.  Great customer service, great food.  Will be back soon to try their savory crpes and their paninis.
These are the best tacos I have had here in Las Vegas!!!!  I have been going here for the past 2 years or so.  When ever we have family here from out of town we have to bring them here to eat.  My husband and I come here to eat even when it's super hot, and super cold outside.  During the summer months I enjoy my tacos with horchata water, which is a sweet rice drink, and during the winter I always order champurrado.  My husband always orders the tacos al pastor, and I always order tacos de tripa(tripe tacos), taco de lengua(tongue), and I order these with cheese.  You can see the ladies making the tortillas right in front of you( if you are tall enough lol).  They have a salsa bar with all the toppings.  If you try this place out please try their purple onions which they soak in lime juice.  Also, prepare to eat standing.  To me, the food is worth standing while you eat. They also have quesadillas, burritos, and tortas but I have never had these.
I have been here three times and the food here is awesome!  I didn't even know about this restaurant until my mom asked us to go with her.  The first time I went I ordered camarones al mojo de ajo (garlic shrimp) which was delish.  During yesterday's visit I ordered 1 chile relleno burrito, 1 tongue taco, 1 adobada taco.  I asked for rice to be added to the burrito, and this was done :). The burrito was great with a lot of cheese.  The tacos had so much flavor.  The day before I tried the tacos from Taco Tijuana but the tacos atEl cordobes are better that Taco Tijuana.  Taco Ranking so far FYI#1 spot- Las Taquizas on Lamb and Bonanza. #2 spot- El Cordobes#3 spot- Taco TijuanaYou can read my reviews for all.  El cordobes has very good prices for their food.  Everything I had was 1 burrito, 2 tacos and 1 soda all for $10.50.  When I walk into this place it feels as if I were walking into my grandmas home to eat her food.  The only problem here is that they do not have flavored water like horchata, tamarindo and Jamaica.  All they have are sodas and beers, but the food is soo good that it makes up for this.  Please make sure you get the refried beans with your food!!  Also, I think it's cash only.  I payed cash but I think I saw a sign that said no debit/credit.
Soo gross! I walked in here with my husband for tacos.  I ordered 2 of pastor, 2 lengua and 1 buche.  We ordered 2 drinks: 1 horchata and 1 tamarindo(these drinks are not from scratch but made from pre made powder).  The tacos were soo bad.  The tortilla was a little cold, and quickly got soggy.  The meat on the tacos was not hot at all.  It was kind of room temp.  The only taco that had warm meat was the buche taco but this taco was dripping in fat.  That's what made my tacos soggy.  Please don't come here to eat!!!  I went to the salsa bar to get some radishes to eat with the tacos but I was grossed out when I saw that some of these were brownish.  The establishment was very dirty, and is in need of remodeling.  I don't understand how this place has gotten the good reviews that it has.  Look at pics to see how dirty this place was.
This is my 2nd time here.  Both times I had tacos and they are the best I've had in Las Vegas.  I love the style of the tacos and Jaime really hooks you up!The tacos are big, and they have the perfect amount of meat.  I order the tongue tacos and pastor and they were really good.  Besides the great food Jaime has the best costumer service.  Both times I have been there we talk like we have known each other for a while.  He is from Veracruz and doesn't like the hot weather here in Vegas ;).Go and enjoy the food, and get to know this awesome man :)
This is my first visit to Rivas.  The food here is very tasty and fresh.  I walked in here and ordered 2 tacos.  1 steak and 1 shrimp.  I didn't order anything else because I was worried that I wouldn't like the food but I was wrong!   I am mildly allergic to shrimp, but I love shrimp and had to order one lol.  The rash on my face will go away in 1 day so no worries.  I'm glad I went against my health because the shrimp tacos are delish and have great seasoning.  If you try the shrimp on its own it is a bit salty but in the taco, it really makes the flavor stand out and the salt is evened out by the other toppings.  The tacos come with pico de gallo and guacamole.  I am not a fan of pico de gallo since I don't like raw tomatoes.  I asked the cashier if I could get onion and cilantro instead of pico de gallo which are considered "extra toppings"(75 cents each) and she said yes :) . When I got my tacos, they had no cilantro and they said they had ran out :( My tacos were still good.  The steak taco was very good as well.  The steak was tender, juicy and seasoned perfectly.  They have a salsa bar and the green salsa is good and spicy( I love spicy food) so beware if you can't handle the heat.  Salsa heat scale 7/10.  For the tacos they use the regular corn tortillas instead of the small taco tortillas.  The tacos are big.  The tortillas are soft so my tacos broke when I was eating the taco (hate it when this happens).  My grandma was always very very picky with the way tortillas are warmed up, and she would not have been happy with Rivas.  Since they were not warmed long enough they broke easily.  The guacamole here is very good and thick which I love.  After I ate my 2 tacos I got up to order one more shrimp taco!  This place is 2 minutes away from my house so if I am really craving these tacos I would stop my here for them. But for the best Mexican tacos I would go somewhere else.  So far these are my rankings for best tacos(in my opinion) in Vegas.  Keep in mind that I am looking for authentic tasting/looking tacos.  #1- Las Taquizas (Lamb/Bonanza) taco truck#2-El Cordobes (Tropicana/Nellis)#3- Rivas Mexican Grill#4-Taco Tijuana (Forgot the streets/google it)You can see my reviews for all these.  Thank you, Taco Lady
Their food is very good.  They have a great variety of food options.  My husband loves the sushi, I love the potstickers(which not a lot of Chinese food buffets have).  I have always agreed with the rest of my family that the food is very flavorful.  What you pay here is more than at other Chinese food buffets in Las Vegas but it is clearly because of the food, and to me the food is worth the price.  The only reason why I give this place a 4 star rating is due to the customer service.  In all the times I have been here I have never had a staff member smile at me.  They do make people feel like a number.
The family and I came here today.  I ordered the guacamole boyger with the chencho skinny fries.  My brother ordered the the pastrami boyger and also the same fries.  We asked for the burgers to be cut in half because we wanted to share and I'm glad we did.  Both boygers were awesome!  Fries were great! Will be back for sure.  We were a party of 8 and they accommodated all of us in there perfectly.  Great customer service.
The food is good but not the best food there is.  I had ordered for delivery.  I was told it would be about 30 min.  An hour after I had ordered my food I decided to call to find out what was going on since it was taking longer than told.  The guy that answered the phone said that they had gotten busy...  Ok, they did have my cell phone number so they could have called me!!!  About 20 min later the food came. Once the food was being delivered, the delivery guy kept calling me to ask where I lived because he couldn't find my home.   I had to go outside to basically wave him over.  Sorry,  I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
Went early 4:30 but food was fresh and delicious! They don't have much of an alcohol selection yet but we weren't going for the wine! :) the tacos, churros, and tres leches cake were very good. Best Mexican in the aurora area hands down.
I am new to Yelp reviews but have been treating with Raza for about a year and a half.  If he isn't available (which is typical because he is so amazing), I will not settle for anyone else.  Raza has an innate ability to sense where my pain stems from.  His technique focuses on resolution of my pain rather than just purely relaxation.  (However, I'm sure he would give me a purely relaxing massage if I wanted it.)  I always leave feeling 150% better than when I arrived.  Thank you, Raza!!!
Stopped for dinner while visiting my friend in Pittsburgh. Mixed emotions about this place. One thing we agree on, they definitely need to hire more staff! Service was slow from the get go, took forever to place our order, get our order, get refills, etc. My husband and friend liked their dinner. I was unimpressed with mine. Nothing tasted very fresh. I was also amazed, for such a big menu, they were reluctant to make any changes to how I wanted my food customized. I've never encountered that before. I don't think I'd ever done here again honestly.
Best Chips and Salsa, best Guacamole, delicious Steak and Spinach salad! Clean and nice atmosphere. Even the restroom was great.
The sandwich I ordered was sooo delicious and people working here are really kind. I especially really like the idea of selecting what we want on the paper bag, since I am an anxious person when it's about ordering food, haha. I definitively never go to subway again. I found my new favorite sandwich place !
I was craving curry and my boyfriend & I was searching for a good place to eat some. Sadly there's not a lot of place that sell good curry in Vegas but with some research we found this place and I convinced my boyfriend to go try it even if it's quite far away from our home. It was a really good decision ! The owner gave us a warm welcome and was really friendly and talkative with us. The curry is amazing ! The gravy is thick and give this warm feeling that curry should have. And I like how we can add the topping of our choice (I was really glad they have cheese as topping option, as a cheese lover, haha.) So if you live in Vegas and want good curry, Oh! Curry is the place you need.
It was the first time I went here and I will surely come back again in the near future. The staff is really friendly and helpful to choose the best combination of gelato based on what we like. I choose a coconut and oreo gelato on a waffle bowl and it was really amazing. The ambiance is really good too. Definitively worth to stop by !
Very disappointed. The order was wrong. We asked for white sauce on the pizza since my boyfriend and I have hard time to digest tomato sauce and we actually got tomato sauce instead of the white one. Also, the cheese is almost absent and tastes absolutely nothing. The crust remind me a piece of cardboard box. Really not worth the price and the delivery fees. So I suggest you to avoid the pizza from here.UPDATE 10/31/2015: The chicken wings are as bad as the pizza, no flavor. My boyfriend asked for mild spicy and he got plain wings. Apparently this place was good a few years ago, we wonder what's happened. Very disappointing, we won't let them a chance anymore.
While driving from Michigan to New York our 2008 Town and Country began vibrating and making a horrible noise. We used our GPS to find the closest tire shop and luckily Monro Tire was it. Brian the store manager got us right in, got our tire off checked things out and found that the clamp on our CV joint was missing. We had no grease, and the joint was locking up.We had our two small boys and dog with us and Brian was very kind. He sent us to a restaurant down the street for breakfast and got the part from the dealer. He had us repaired and on the road again within an hour and a half. He even kept our dog in his lobby for us while we took the boys to eat!He gladly showed us the problem while the car was on the lift. He rotated our tires (which another company had installed incorrectly), balanced our tires and did all of that free of charge. We paid FAR less than we expected and the car is driving like a dream right now.
Tasty food and great serviceFood (4/5)My friends and I went for a Friday evening dinner and enjoyed the pizzas we split and saved room for gelato. We went to the gelato area inside the Sugar Factory store to sample a couple of flavors and I picked Caramel Cookie Crunch--the best gelato or ice cream flavor I have ever had! It was deliciously sweet. I also enjoyed the margarita I ordered with a sweet fruit flavor and a rose (it was pretty weak, though).Service (5/5)We called a few hours earlier to reserve a table outside and were seated promptly. (You can make reservations online through OpenTable) Our waitress was very attentive without being annoying. She was great about asking for our orders then giving us more time to decide without disappearing forever. I could see her checking on us from the end of the patio to see whether we were ready or wanted anything else. The rest of the staff was friendly as well. Another waiter or busser noticed me looking around confusedly and approached me to ask if I was looking for the bathroom. He then walked me to the bathroom in the casino. How nice!Ambiance (3.5/5)Sugar Factory has a relaxed setting. We asked for a table in the outdoor patio so that we could watch the periodic water shows at the Bellagio across the street. They keep this outdoor area air conditioned as well, so we were able to watch the water show and people passing by without suffering the summer heat.
Pros: 1. good music (Top 40s)Cons:1. overpacked (no room to dance, it's a struggle to squeeze by to the bar or bathroom)2. poor dancers (pro if you just like to sway around)3. weak drinks4. terrible service from unfriendly bartendersI went to Pure on a Friday night. We waited for half an hour in the off-property guest list line to get in at 10:30, and they said that girls get free vodka until midnight. We were happy about this until we went to the bar for a drink and realized they just give you a cup full of ice, what tasted like a half shot of cheap vodka, and chase (they only serve it mixed). When the bar got busy (right after our 1st drinks), the bartenders just counted the number of girls with wristbands at the bar and poured vodka sodas for us all without taking our orders. Pure was really crowded with people dressed alright but who CANNOT DANCE. If you are insecure about your lack of dancing skills and don't mind getting bumped around frequently, come here and you will not feel out of place. If you want to stand in a circle with friends and sway around, you should also come.Anyway, because  I was not at all feeling this place, I went to the bar for my 3rd drink in the past 15 minutes (seriously you cannot taste any alcohol in these "free drinks") to get one more right before the cutoff at 12am. It was 11:59 or 12 when I ordered, and once the bartender brought me my drink she charged me and said, "babydoll we stopped the free drinks a long time ago"--which obviously wan't true because I had just been there and I know it was right before 12 when I got to the bar. I would have picked something else if I was paying, but when I tasted the drink I could really tell the difference between the ones they sell and the super weak 1-drop of alcohol drinks they offer to try to entice more girls to come. The difference is that I could actually taste the alcohol, yet still this vodka tonic was the weakest I've ever had. My friends and I all left after that--just having been there for 2 hours. Strangely, there was a long line when we walked out. Why do people come here?Bottom line: I will not be back.
I was staying at The Hotel and came to The Cafe for brunch before checkout.Food (5/5)I enjoyed the Vegetable Panini here. It was a good size and came with a mound of lightly-seasoned garlic fries for $16.Service (4/5)The staff was friendly and our waiter was helpful in describing the dishes I was considering. The service was quick. My only negative comment is that one staff member came to ask if I was finished as he reached for my plate (I had finished the panini but hadn't touched the fries) and I said no but he still grabbed my plate and I had to say "no" again.Ambiance (3/5)Relaxed setting with a view of people walking by with luggage or tall drinks.
Pam is awesome! She was able to teach and guide me in training my dog. We now have a better relationship and he knows all the basics and some more advanced commands. No more pulling while we walk. He sits, stays, high fives, plays dead, and more! Thank you Pam for the amazing job you do!
Coolest club in vegas! Loved the performances and danced the night away! Drinks were not too expensive and the atmosphere was exactly what we were looking for in Vegas! Will definitely be coming back! 10/10
Had Mallory as our server out at the pool and she was awesome! Friendly, smart, and professional. She took the time to get to know us a little, make sure we were enjoying our stay and made some great recommendations and took great care of us. We'll be sure to always try and sit in her section when we are out at the pool!
I had to call the restaurant from inside of it in order for somebody to come to the counter to take my order. Girl was short and unwelcoming to me. Sad because the pizza here is always very good. Too bad it's not good enough to make up for terrible service.
Best Burger on the strip. Our server Mallory was amazing. Super energetic and told us about all the options and specials for beers and cocktails.
I am so glad I read these reviews!!! I am planning a trip to Vegas and staying at Bally's. I wanted to treat my daughter for Christmas eve dinner at Eiffel Tower. I called them to talk to the make up artist because they were both busy and the receptionist said they would call be back. It has been 3 days and still no call. That was already a big flag for me and no way am I going to waste my money on poor customer service. Now I'm glad they never called and plus it showed me how unprofessional they are. Pretty sad for such a nice hotel.
My granddaughters really had a great time today! The place is very clean, the employees were well trained and very nice.The price is reasonable and you can stay as long as you want for one price which is awesome! The lounge for parents was comfortable, and the snack bar was convenient and not over-priced.  We can't wait to go back!
My friend and I went to Hot and Juicy for lunch yesterday and shared a bag of shrimp, an order of sweet potato fries, and an order of corn fritters. Plenty of delicious food to share! The only thing I felt that could have helped the meal was a great sauce for the sweet potato fries- they were served with ketchup, which was ok, but could have been better. The corn fritters were delicious, the shrimp- "over the top" and the service was perfect!!!! Aubree was our server and she was so attentive and friendly! We can't wait to come back and hope to get served by Aubree again!
John was professional, on time, and did a great job replacing the rollers, handle/lock and installed a charley security lock. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to anyone that needs some work on a slider door. He charged what he said it would cost and nothing more!
I have come here for several different tests and X-rays as well as yearly mammograms. I have to say, this place is the most friendly, efficient imaging  facility I've been in. From the check-in staff to the techs running the tests, I really appreciate how friendly and comforting the staff has always been. Any time I've needed copies of scans or reports they have been efficient and accommodating. The wait occasionally has run a bit past appt time but not by a lot. Thank you!
I really wanted to love this place, but just wasn't impressed at all. Was here Sunday, Jan 3, about 11:45 am, and the young man that took our order had absolutely no interest in his job. Didn't greet us as we went to the ordering station. I even mentioned this was our first time here and he made no response at all! I do need to say though there was another worker in the lobby cleaning tables and he  was super friendly, which delighted us after the stone face at the counter! My daughter and I each ordered the little cheeseburgers fully loaded. I guess fully loaded is what made the bun  a soggy mess. The burger itself was tasty and very big, but we couldn't get past the falling apart soggy bun. Also we ordered a large Cajun fry to split which was way too much ( Mr personality failed to mention this to us) they were fairly good, but a little too salty. Also surprised this burger place doesn't serve milk shakes- we did ask. Think we will keep searching for a great burger place because this isn't it for us.
We have known Dr Noorda about 15 years, and he is the most caring, professional, and kind orthodontist we could ever hope for! His staff is awesome as well.  My daughter Kristin has cerebral palsy and had an exceptional amount of orthodontic work to be done, and Dr Noorda was always patient, and kind with her and made her feel extra special, and he did an amazing job with her teeth, and she now has the most beautiful smile in the world! It is still a joy for her to come visit him when she follows up with her retainer care. Would recommend him definitely!!
This place is great! First of all we had an amazing waitress named Ida that I would definitely ask for again! She was attentive and knew the menu well. I went with the Pittsburgh steak salad and it was delicious. The steak was tender and tasty and the French fries went so well with the salad. I personally would have preferred some other type of lettuce other than iceberg, but no complaints with how it came. Will definitely be back!
You have got to be kidding me. This is not bar bq. I am from Texas and if you served this crap, they would shoot you and then pad lock the front door. I have never had anything this bad in my entire life and I am over 65 and live on real bar bq.  The ribs were dry and obviously have never seen smoke. It is clear these are oven baked ribs-dry as all get out-the only thing that saved them was the sauce. The brisket-an absolute joke. They served some kind of meat that was thin sliced and curled up with some weird liquid poured over it. We ordered baked beans as a side and were told they were out of beans. It was 6:30pm. Really! The potato salad-well it cannot be described. Let's just say it was not good. Bottom line, if you know what Bar BQ should taste like-don't even think of trying this place. Run away!!!!!! Can't believe those gushing reviews-bogas?
I did not know what to expect going to a hot dog resturant but this place was a nice surprise. The dogs were great and the hamburger was moist and flavorful. Hope the make it to Austin, Tx soon.
I love pancakes, always on the look out for the best. Well, Butters pancakes, in my opinion are very average. I ordered the pecan pancakes and all I got was a couple of average pancakes and some pecans thrown on top. I had a basic eggs and bacon breakfast with hash browns. The hash browns were a real dissapointment. Bottom line not worth the effort or price. Cracker Barrel is much better than this place.
Was looking for a quick brisket sandwich and headed to Dickey's. The brisket was average, but the the staff was weird. No one was at the drive thru and I went in. There were several Spanish speaking employees kind of wandering around and finally(after about 5 minutes of standing around) a white guy finally took my order. The brisket was passable, but the experience was not good.
My dad has been a patient of Dr. Ganem's for a couple of years. I've had the opportunity to attend appointments w/my dad and have been very impressed w/Dr. Ganem's attentiveness to my dad's heart condition and plan for care. After a few hospital stays, my dad had nearly a notebook full of reports. It was obvious Dr. Ganem hadn't skimmed through the information but instead had thoroughly reviewed every bit of detail about my dad's condition in terms of where he was then, now and moving forward.If you're looking for a doctor that is practical, thorough, direct and no-nonsense w/his approach, then I strongly recommend Dr. Ganem. He doesn't sugar coat, and as any good doctor should, by my assessment, he expects and is clearly appreciative and responsive to the individual who will take responsibility for following his prescription for care.If ever I need a cardiologist, Dr. Ganem will be my guy.
I have gone to this gym for over 4 years. When it changed from 24hr to La Fitness I was a bit skeptical but I have been pleasantly surprised. There has been slow but steady improvement. Today I had a session with the training manager Jamie Sinohui and was greatly impressed. He is a very knowledgeable guy with tons of awesome nutritional and workout information. After a few minutes in his office we quickly hit the gym and in a few short minutes I learned a lot about what I was doing right and doing wrong. If you are in need of some training guidance this is the guy to see. I feel confidant you will be well pleased. Dave Wesloh11/9/2016
I have been a member of this gym for 4 years. The current management has made some very significant improvements. I have utilized 3 different trainers these past 4 years but my current trainer Brian J. Is by far the best. I appreciate the personalized approach, encouragement and the appropriate amount of pushing me to the next level. Every session is different. One of the most important parts of training is to constantly improve and have fun doing it. That is certainly the case with Brian. I highly recommend this gym and Brian.
Great place for a drink, especially on a cold night! Cozy bar area, but has a decent dining area as well. Love it here!
This place is awesome with very friendly staff. We received complimentary papadum. We ordered Shahi paneer, Malai kofta, garlic naan and haywards 5000 indian beer. They also gave us some complimentary raita. The food is delicious, one of the best shahi paneer and malai kofta My husband and I have had. The restaurant is very open. The music is played at a reasonable volume. Parking is easy. The staff is very social and makes you feel very welcome. Next time we are in Tempe we will be coming back here.
This is by far the worst Starbucks I have ever been to! The customer service was good at first when I ordered but when I sat down the baristas were annoyingly gossiping loud enough for everyone to hear their entire conversation. The bathroom floor looked like it had never been mopped, there were wet paper towels all over the floor and the toilet was gross as well. The worst part about this Starbucks: FLIES EVERYWHERE!! Their trash can was completely full with flies hovering over it. I hardly write reviews but this was too disgusting not to. How can you ensure food safety when you have flies everywhere? BLEGH!!!!!!! My latte tasted fine but once I noticed the flies I no longer wanted to drink it.
This "Doctor" was immediately combative and short tempered when I forgot my height and weight on his forms. I left without letting him adjust me; he earned none of my trust or respect. Good Chiropractic care is essential, but you won't find it here.
I have been receiving chiropractic care for over 20 years- I am looking for a new Dr. in Charlotte... and the search continues.My first visit was like stepping into a chaotic locker room. The staff was engaged in loud conversation and joking- mostly about needing a sugar fix. My insurance information was read LOUDLY across the room. All of which, I consider private details. No X-rays were taken or asked for; people can be SERIOUSLY injured or worse without them! Why I didn't leave them I do not know. I let Dr. Brad Weiss adjust me. His quiet room and adjustment were reassuring, but my doubts about the sincerity in their wellness philosophies and care returned when I called the office weeks later when my back went out. Four phone calls and five hours later- I received no response about a possible appointment. Perhaps if the front office had been more professional, if the doctor had consulted  x-rays, if private information had been better protected, and counsel had been offered when it was needed most, I would be leaving a very different review. But this office was nearly as bad as The Joint (the fast food chain of chiropractic care) where I was forced to turn when my  doctor went radio silent.
I used to come here all the time for football. Good space and location.  But the service has gone so far down hill.  Good luck getting a person on staff to look at you within the first hour you arrive.  If you want to just sit and watch the games, it's fine.  If you want to drink or eat while you watch football, go somewhere else.  Plenty of better options in the neighborhood.
We had an amazing time.  Wanted something fun for the kids and this was perfect.  The staff was extremely nice.  Even volunteered to watch our 2 year old so the family (10 of us) could race together.  Cars were fast, reliable and just a really good time.  Thanks for the fun memories.
This new yoga studio/ holistic health center is just what I have been looking for in Pittsburgh. It has a wonderful, soothing vibe, lovely aesthetic appeal, and creates a space for a yoga/ mindfulness community to coalesce. The class with Mark was engaging and I appreciated his tips on alignment and strength building. Highly recommended.
Elliott was amazing- so knowledgeable and personable, we instantly invited him to stay in San Diego should he visit! Got a great education, had some amazing Whisky and the cheese plate was to die for! Delicious and so reasonably priced- was nothing like home. We will definitely be back!
Good food, beautiful view.Felt a little rushed as the waiter kept asking, KEPT asking if we were ready to order. Salad was a delight as well as the Scottish oysters, OMG they were good. The Peanut Butter parfait was a hit and the Hake fish was phenom! Sit close to a window and don't rush, ruins the mood.The maitre de was very professional; great suit.
Great hotel! So close to everything, modern but surrounded by history.Genuinely nice folks at check in, drinks in the bar were spot on, room service was fast and delicious.Lovely place to spend a holiday.Either cozy up by the fire in the front room, or sit in a well stocked bar. Very near the Charlotte square  bus stop.
Well I agree with quite a bit of the other responses, definitely not worth the money.  The meal was $29.99 plus tax for the seafood buffet.  The only reason it even deserves one star is because the crab legs were tasty and already cut in half making it easy to eat.  Other than that the food was very bland; mussels were not very good, shrimp ceviche was sub-par, NY strip had no flavor, prime rib was cooked to medium well (way too done for prime rib), sushi rolls were not even worth eating, even the grilled vegetable tasted like they had no salt or pepper use.  The only other thing worth mentioning was the grilled sausage, it was rather tasty.The service was horrible.  I waited 15 minutes before one of the people seating came over to me and said "I see you have not been served a drink yet."  Then when I emptied it, the waitress walked by the table and grabbed my dirty dishes and never returned to fill the drink.  I ate the plate of food that I just got (crab legs) and then had to go to the back and ask a "bus" lady for a drink.Never again!
I had breakfast here. The burrito was big and good (could have used a little more meat filler). I also had a churro which was excellent. As you can expect it is airport pricing.
The show was pretty good.  I had an excellent seat; 2nd rise, fifth row directly in the middle.  I was pretty much straight ,when looking at the show, so I did not have to worry about my neck hurting.I actually was expecting a little different show, not so much "theater" more of an acrobatics show, but it was still very good.When you walk into the show, you think there is going to be quite a bit of fire but there was not until the last 2 or 3 minutes.I enjoyed the show!
I though Moe's was real good for an airport with the airport prices. The burrito was big and had a good flavor. Also there was not a significant wait which I have had at other LAS restaurants. I think some of the other reviewers were having bad days.
I'm a coffee junkee who's traveled a bit and worked in a coffee house for many years. One of the fist things I do when I get to a new city is hunt for coffee houses.Ideal Coffee is one of my favorite coffee spots in either North America or Europe. They use a real hand pull espresso machine. They know how to make espresso. And if you order an iced coffee drink you get it with coffee cubes, not ice cubes. So your drink doesn't dilute as the cubes melt.They also have really awesome and comfortable furniture and a nice little patio where you can chill out and talk to strangers.This is a cool little blog about Ideal Coffee. You have to roll your mouse over the pictures to see all of them.http://www.hooliator.net/north%20america/canada/Toronto/kensington.htm
I have been taking my vehicles to Bernie for over 12 years and have always been extremely satisfied.  John and Bernie have repeatedly diagnosed the issue correctly and completed the work on time and within the quoted price. I would highly recommend SUV & Trucks for any repairs that you may need.
This was the second night of our culinary vacation in Las Vegas and the food did not disappoint!  The service was not quite as perfect as it could has been but I think the waiter had his plate full.We started simply, ordering the foie gras, when the amous boush was sent out by the chef.  It was a potage with tumeric, chives and crispy ham to top.  And while bread and butter may seem simple, this was not the case at Andre's.  Our butter selection was a trio selection of sun-dried tomato, kalamata olive and simple sea salt.  The kalamata olive was out favorite, the flavor was creamy and salty with a hint of grape.  (I know what you are thinking, how can that be?  The magic of Andres.)Our foie gras was the most amazing that we have ever had.  It was like Christmas IN your mouth.  A generous portion of pan seared foie atop a perfectly poached apple floating in a 5 spice creme anglaise with a port wine reduction that was to die for. (Or stab your partner's hand with the fork so I could eat it all.) Did I mention the skinless grape that was sliced so thin that, if portioned properly you has a slice of green grape with each bite of foie, apple and creme?After this delight, we were brought our Summer Truffle Risotto.  Market Price.  Turns out for the amount of truffle that was shaved onto our mint risotto with duck comfit it was really inexpensive.  Creamy, balanced, earthy, (just enough) cheesy and so delicious.  I am very happy this was my first experience with black truffle.The chef then sent out an intermezzo of grapefruit sorbet floating in a bit of soda water to cleanse our palates.I had the free range chicken, which was cooked perfectly, juicy and tenderon a bed of corn and chile ragout.  It would seem to be a bit on the spicy side for someone unaccustomed to heat, though it was perfect for me.  The mole was delightful and full of flavor.
Great selection of food. All you can eat has a great selection of delicious rolls and other type of dishes you can order from. Courteous  servers it was a great place to eat sushi
We booked this hotel on hotwire, and we were pleasantly surprised! The room was clean and large, and the bed was super comfortable. Valet parking was not too expensive, and the staff were all extremely helpful. We asked where a good place for breakfast was one morning, and the concierge walked with us a little ways and pointed us in the direction of the most perfect little French cafe. I would absolutely return to this hotel, and recommend it to anyone traveling to Montreal!
This place is HORRENDOUS. I booked a courtyard room and was given a gorgeous view of the parking lot and some bum walking next to my window. The remote control did not work. The volume on the 100 hundred year old tv was the only thing that worked. I complained about the room and cancelling my stay and Julio was very helpful. Julio and the bell man did not look surprised about our complaints. I would rather sleep in the car under a bridge than ever stay here again. You could not pay me to stay here. This place is disgusting
I am partnered with several Vape shop owners and as such I have had the opportunity to meet and discuss several encouraging and enlightening futures for the Vape industry. I am extremely interested in promoting and educating people about vaping for its ability to actually be a successful in helping smokers to quit smoking. I know this because I am one of those success stories. In my professional opinion the following text eludes to why I would even bother to write this review. Don't ever buy your juice here at Vapor Vortex. They only carry one or two lines of juice anyways which is suspect right off the bat considering how many lines of quality juice exist and none of Vapor Vortex's juice is high quality. Also their prices are not competitive at all and they are also lying to people about the quality of the devices they are selling. 3 red flags just walking into the shop. The employee I've had the most interaction with decided it was okay to brag about his felonies in the past and felt that threatening me, and divulging the fact that he's hit a guy in the head with a hammer is an acceptable way to treat his patrons. Not only that, he insulted me and my business model which is already bringing successful Vape store owners in to a fold that is changing the way people think about the future of this planet we share and why Vaping is a part of that future in it's innovative way to affect big tobacco's bottom line. I will not be back in here ever again and there are plenty of Vape shops in the local area that are much more friendly and DO carry high quality juice and service such as Vapes Scottsdale right across the street. I would also strongly encourage the owner of this Vapor Vortex shop to reconsider his employment decisions. I'd imagine that I'm not the only person that this guy has ran out of his store disgracefully.
I've been meaning to get here for a while when down in Vegas. Should have come sooner! Had the Tamago Burger and Jazz Fries. The burger was really good, but those fries with excellent gravy and their 'crack sauce' (Japanese mayo and a hint of spicy rooster perhaps) are worth the trip alone. I showed up on a chilly 10:45pm evening as their only two customers were leaving. They could have easily said they were shutting down, but didn't. The host/server was super congenial and made me feel welcome; like he was grateful to have another customer for the evening, rather than annoyed he had to stay open. Even had the chef come out to say hi! Go to Fukuburger, you won't be disappointed.New location coming on Spring Mountain and Jones-ish? Soft open maybe next week.
Lin chai is the best accounting firm I know. They take care of everything for my business on the accounting side, so I don't have to worry about it at all. I can not trust anybody else to do my accounting except them.
Great food, very sweet servers. We ordered two dishes and they are fabulous. We came to this after work, they open super late, worked out perfectly for us
happend on Nov 4th, 2017i have lived there for about a year and recently thinking to renew my lease because i dont have time to look for new apartment or time to move. regardless. They recently changed a new property owner and their online payment system is down. i normally pay my montly bill online, because of that, i cannot pay online and i dont have time to pay in person. A front desk girl told me i can pay them a check after i get off from work, which is 1:30am in the morning. so i wait until the next morning to pay for it in person before i go back to work again, but a different front desk girl told me i have to pay late fee. i dont understand. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENT BETWEEN PAYING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT AND PAYING IN THE MORNING? i feel they are not reasonable. At one moment, i was about to walk out of the leasing office because of the front desk girl's bad attitude. I still paid my rent, but she told me no matter what she will add the late fee to my next rent, it is just not fair. it is their problem that not fixing the online payment before the first of this month, I CAN'T PAY FOR THEIR MISTAKE. i was so mad because the way i been treated, i told her is she change me late fee, i want to move out, then she threat she will charge me even more for doing it, our voice should be heard, and it shouldn't be threatened. did she treat me like this because i'm Asian? wow, is this a racise community?Also, i ask them how much is my rent and common maintance fee together before i wrote them a check, they dont even know, how much am i suppose to pay them if they dont know how much i need to pay. also, their common maintance fee is too high, i notice some water leaking in the common apartment area, but they wont fix, but charge all tenants for it. they dont pay, so they dont care is my guess. While you still can, dont move in to this apartment. This event happens today Nov 4th, 2017 (Sat)
The food was really good, but service was slow. They have two servers and about 5 tables when I was there. I ordered a Pho noodle, before I got my check, my server never came to ask how's everything like other restaurant did.a little disappointed.
A complete waste of money! One of the worst pizzas in the West island. If I had any enemies I wouldn't even recommend this place to them.
Never again! I had ordered a cheese and garlic pizza with ground beef, bacon and tomatoes on New Year's Eve. I love garlic but it was way too much. I was sick to the stomach on New Year's Day. They also use very inferior cheese if not real at all.
Never again. The quality of the food has gone down. I have never had chicken fried rice that was tasteless along with their chow mein which also was. The chicken soo guy wasn't bad when there was chicken in it! The seafood soup was a waste of money.
I order a pizza from Nikkos almost every weekend. You can't go wrong. My favourite is the number 9. Fresh toppings and generous. One of my favourite pizza places in the West island if not my favourite.Update: I have come to the conclusion that their #11 is my favourite.
The prices do not scale, and the sign on the front of the business is misleading.  The sign says it is $20/hr, however, this is not true.  The cheapest massage is a $20 foot massage for one hour.  The middle priced massage is $35 for foot massage plus body for one hour.  The highest price massage is $45 for 90 minutes for foot and body.  Only the first one is $20/hr, not any others.Nevertheless, I requested a 90 minute massage.  The massage was decent, aside from minor nail scratching.  The masseuse used strong power because I requested it.  And then it got too hard when she got to my back, so she asked if she should use medium power.  I said yes, and then she made some comment about how tired she was because she I requested strong power.  She continued to say that I didn't really need strong power but medium power was better.  I brushed this off.  Overall, the massage was pretty good.  I went to go pay, and a male cashier asked me to pay in cash.  I said I don't think I had enough to pay in cash.  So they said pay with card and tip in cash.  I agreed.  I went to hand a $10 tip to the masseuse and she got VERY upset that I was ONLY giving her $10.  She huffed and scoffed at me, then complained loudly to the cashier I was only giving her $10 for what was a "long" massage.  My masseuse ostentatiously pointed at the sign that said minimum $10 tip for NOT HAPPY.  I was aghast, and in the shock of it all, I said, okay, and asked for change: I was going to give $15 tip, but I needed change for another $10.  This is when the masseuse got even more upset and frustrated that I was ONLY giving her $15.  She acted upset and as if she had no way to give me change.  But to quell her, the cashier reached into his own wallet, broke my $10 bill, and I gave the masseuse a $15 tip.  The masseuse quickly took my money and went into the back room.  Then I walked out, never to return.Their prices don't scale.  The masseuses complain about giving massages.  And they HARASS you for tips.
This place is excellent.  When you walk in, you are immediately greeted by friendly staff.  The music playing sets the perfect ambiance, setting the stage for a wonderful massage.  The place is clean, the beds are comfortable, and the massages keep me coming back so often.
I Love this place! I come here at least twice a month to get my favorite soda. You can choose from their selection or create your own soda. Have fun and create your own. So much better!
The hotel itself is nice and it's in a great location, but the staff is clueless.First of all, the AC in my room didn't work.  I had to endure two days in a hot, muggy room.  They sent clueless people who couldn't fix a thing.  Finally, the evening of day 2 they sent someone who actually resolved the issue.When I went to check out they gave me a huge hassle about a late checkout, because the football crowd was coming for the weekend.  After spending $1000 over 3 days and being miserable the first two, they couldn't find a way to let me stay until 1:00 p.m.I travel to Charlotte for business 5-6 times a year.  I'll never stay at this hotel again.  There are a lot of better options.
Great and really friendly service! The food is always good, but I was really impressed by the level of customer service by both of the gentlemen working this morning (3/13) being at the airport first thing in the morning isn't always the greatest but with happy people to greet you it makes batter
Went in today with my mom for a pedicure.  Both of us asked for the callus removal - knowing it was going to cost extra for this service.  The lady doing my pedi scrubbed my feet with the pumice stone but never brought out the metal callus removal tool.  My favorite part of a massage is the callus removal, I am pretty crazy about soft feet.  Twice I asked her if she heard me say I wanted the callus removal and she said yes.  As she was getting ready to start painting my nails I clarified again - and she said she had already done the callus removal with the pumice.  I asked if she would use the metal tool and she said no, they were the same thing.  I said in the past I had the other tool, pointed to it, and explained that I really liked it.  She said "the stone was new" and just the same. In the mean time my mom had both the pumice stone and the other metal tool used.  The two ladies sitting next to her who also asked for calls removal also had both tools used.  I've gone to this salon before and not requested the callus removal and at the bare minimum the pumice was used, always at no extra charge.  I didn't even no how to argue with her at this point since I had asked/clarified so many times. After a long summer in flip flops I really needed this service done.  I've had mediocre service at this salon before and won't be returning in the future, even though it's only a half a mile from my house.  They did a good job putting the nail polish on, but let's be honest I could do that at home.  I don't pay for a pedicure just I get nail polish put on.
Another great meal at El Rico's. I had the flautas and my husband had the tacos.  Best chips - I could go there just for this reason. We really enjoy their normal salsa... aren't too impressed with their "hot" salsa. I really enjoy spicy salsa, and I found this tone rather bland and not that "hot".  Thankfully their normal salsa is exceptionally good!!
We heard about La Ristra when we wanted to go to Los Dos but it was closed.  Friends recommended this place saying it was a part of the Los Dos family.   Service is top notch!! Food is incredible! Honestly we are so thrilled to have found this place.  Can't wait to try it again!
We've been coming here since it opened many many years ago.  A few years ago it went under management/ownership when the original owner had to sell it. Love that the same quality and service still exist. It was and still is one of those places that makes you feel like Tempe is still a small town. They take time to get to know you and your family. Treat you with respect and care. And the service is always impeccable!! Thankful to see that some places can go through a change in ownership/management and still remain the same if not better!!
I love the US Egg - but the service at this location is AWFUL!! I have been going to the Tempe location for the last 15 years and it is a well oiled machine... The food is perfect and the service is awesome!! The new Chandler location has just as good as food, but after we got seated we waited 30 minutes to order and then we waited another 30 minutes to get out order (for two people).  After we were done eating we didn't see our server for another 20 minutes until we had to stop her as she was walking by and request our bill.  You may want to wait a few months until the service improves, go to the Tempe location in the mean time.
Was back at TOTTS last night - and it never lets me down!!  Last night I had the Twins Pork which is always one of my favorite go-to items on the menu.  The owner, Young, is as friendly as they come. He will go above and beyond to make sure you have a great experience!
I should have taken the reviews into account.  I figured that Cafe Rios menu is pretty consistent across locations.  The taste, the serving size, the service.  I could not have been more wrong.  I've been to several locations in several states and this just was not consistent.  The sweet pork had no flavor and was definitely not like the sweet pork that I expect.  Ended up throwing my meal in the trash before going to another restaurant.  Would not recommend this location.
As I got closer to my due date... in fact only 10 days away I got a phone call that my midwife had left the practice.  She had given 90 days notice but they had let her go immediately.  That's not a kind thing to do to a woman who was within days of delivering.  95% of my appointments were with a certain midwife, and with her gone I felt completely alone!!  When I went in to meet with the staff after getting this news, Doctor Kells met with me and was really unkind about my weight gain.  I had only gained 25 pounds - I didn't think that was too bad.  He said I should probably think about having a c-section since he thought that based off of looking at me I was going to have a big baby.  Ended up that my baby was only 6lbs 11 ounces.  I don't count that big at all.  I was able to follow my midwife (Praise God!!) and switched practices days before delivering.   During my last appointment at Boojum, one of the front desk ladies came from behind the counter and gave me a hug.  She was crying.  She apologized for the situation I was in, and said she was just as devastated.   She apologized again and again saying that I was put in a horrible situation.I think its pretty awful that people think about the bottom line, and losing patients, as opposed to being good to the customer/patient.  Especially with people who are needing care for such an important part of their life.  I can't think of much that is more important than giving birth for the first time.  I am pretty frustrated with the way this office handled the entire transition.  I know of 3 people who have left the practice after this transition because of other ways their level of care was handled.
Love margaritaville... Until now. For overpriced food and drinks you come for the scenery. They closed the top floor "because management said so". Cool, so they sat us with a view of the strip... Cool, what that meant is a view of the walk next to the strip.  Whatever the nachos are great so it's worth it right? 25 minutes later no one looked at us so we're out. Manager said someone went home so they got confused... Usually don't write reviews for bad service but they sat us well after they knew the serverLeft. Done with them.
Food was good.  Highly recommend the Tuscan Chicken pizza and add pesto to it.  Absolutely delicious.  The staff was kind and courteous.  And even on a busy Friday evening the wait time was very minimal.  Only feedback for the restaurant is that someone from the staff offered our son gummy bears, which was super sweet.  I just wish they would have asked us parents first and on the side.  It put us in an awkward position since our son has a really hard time processing sugar late at night.  It makes bed time very difficult.  Because of this he typically doesn't get evening time treats.  Another great option might be stickers.
My husband and I have been hearing about Pomegranate Cafe for the last year, but really never had the chance to try it. Okay - I shouldn't lie, I think we were hesitant because it is a vegetarian restaurant, and we love our meet.  But we were intrigued because of the gluten free options (something that is critical to my husbands health).  Now I am super sad that we waited so long.  We have been missing one of the best restaurants in the Valley.Both my husband and I had sandwiches for lunch last weekend.  I have never had such distinct flavors in a sandwich before.  It was beyond delicious!!  Maybe getting rid of the meet is critical to really letting my taste buds do their work!!  After lunch my husband and I split their gluten free Tiramisu, and it was HEAVENLY!!!!!!  The staff was super friendly, the service was quick, and the place is very cute and clean.We will be back very soon (most likely this weekend)!!  I can't wait to share it with all of my friends!!   YUM!!!!!
Good food BUT NOT KID FRIENDLY.  The only reason I say this is because there are no high chairs or boosters in the entire restaurant.  Which can make the dining experience really challenging with an on-the-go toddler.  Beautiful patio for those amazing AZ evenings, but the only way we could keep our kid from not running around like a crazy person was moving inside half way through our meal so we could trap him in a booth.  I understand that Minder Binders may not be trying to market towards families, but there are always several families with little ones here.  Even some of my favorite sports bars have a high chair for the occasional little one.
Not as great as it once was 10+ years ago.  Change in location, and the staff was not very helpful at all.  I wasn't all that impressed with the selection.  I found better and cheaper online.
always the best!!  if you want a healthy meal option for your kids at a decent price, this is the place to go!!
A friend recommended this place for a lunch date we had that was long overdue.  She is a foodie, so when she recommends somewhere I never give it another thought.  This place did not disappoint.  It's a Diamond in the rough.  You feel like you are a part of the family when you are there.  And the smells coming out of the kitchen are to die for.  And the fresh made bread... oh my word!!!  I had the Butternut Squash and it was the best thing ever!! Will definitely be going back!
I'm 5'1.... on a good day, with a shoe that has a little lift ;)  So a good tailor is absolutely necessary for almost everything.  I've been coming to AJ Tailors & Cleaners for the last 15+ years.  I've tried a few other places now and then as I've moved all around the Valley hoping to find a place that was comparable but closer to where I lived.  I always find my way back to AJ's.  They are the best - and extremely friendly and kind.  The prices are extremely reasonable as well!!
My husband, parents and I went to Kings Fish House at the beginning of March for my husbands birthday.  He is from Oregon, and a little bit of a seafood snob.  He really wanted seafood for his birthday meal.  We checked out places on Yelp but couldn't find any place that had great reviews and was in our price range.  We decided to take a chance on King's Fish House, and to be honest we were a little skeptical of a chain restaurant.   Not to mention my husband and his family goes clamming off of the Oregon coast several times a year, so he has high expectations for fresh clams. We were absolutely blown away by everything about this restaurant. Our server for the night was Chris G, and he gave us some amazing recommendations.  He really listened to what flavors each of like individually and made individualized his recommendations for each of us.  Even pairing it with some wine and side dish recommendations.  Not to mention his recommendations for clams were spot on!!  Each of us had a different dish, and each of us swore we had the best dish at the restaurant.  In April we celebrated my fathers birthday, and he requested we go back to King's Fish House.  As soon as we walked in, we saw Chris. We requested him to be our server again.  Not only did he remember us, but he remembered what we had ordered a month earlier.  AMAZING!!  He gave us some new recommendations, and again his service was incredible!!My personal recommendation... go to the Kings Fish House and sit in Chris' section.  Get some of the Skookum clams if they are in, and definitely try the Macadamia Nut Crusted Halibut.  Delicious!!  We will be back again very soon!!
This is one of our most favorite place for my husband and I to meet for a lunch date!! It's a convenient location for both of us.  But that isn't the only reason we like this place.  The street Tacos are awesome - particularly the Al Pastor.  The chips and salsa have always been refillable (so even if the portion size is small as another post said before, you can always get more!!). We particularly like their hot salsa - such great flavor!! What really sold us on this place... the customer service!! Always above average - consistently asked if we need anything, how out experience had been and everyone in there has a GREAT attitude!!  We often brig our 18 month old son and never feel bad for the mess he throws on the floor.  Every time we have started to clean up after him they stop is and finish the job, with a smile on their face!! We will continue to tell all our friends and family about this place!!
Great bar... Good food (or at least what we had).  We had the nachos and the wings.  Server was really knowledgable about the menu and selections and we never had to wait to ask for a new beer.  Great service!! Beer was $3.50 for a 14 ounce and $4.50 for a 20 ounce.  $1 off during happy hour - and all appetizers were half off during happy hour.   I'm sure I'm missing some of the HH details!!  They have darts, video bowling, video golf and six pool tables.  Lots of TVs.And for the previous review about Dennis Erickson... My dads even in several times since it opened as Lucky Break and has seen DE twice.  He chatted with him one time and it sounds like he still has some ownership in this place.Overall a great environment!! Happy it's walking distance from our house!!
Came here with my husband, brother-in-law and sister-in-law for our first night out after having our twins!! We had been here once before and I had been craving the amazing Brussels sprouts nachos.  Steven was a great server and made a ton of awesome recommendations.  We followed nearly every one, including three desserts that were by far the most amazing thing this mama has had in a long time.  The Braised Pineapple pork and Green Chili Chicken tacos were also on point! We will be back again very soon - and I will most definitely be asking to end the evening with a Campfire!  Thanks for an awesome evening out!!
We just had our lawn done by Sunburst Landscaping.  It was a mess before they came into the picture.  Imagine a lot of dirt and river rock.  We knew we wanted to get turf put in, but we didn't know where to start.  We contacted about four companies for a quote, and weren't impressed with anyone.  We have a friend who lives in Oregon who owns a landscaping/turf company, and decided to contact him to have him help us sort through all the companies in AZ who provided the kind of service we were looking for.  He ultimately recommended that we touch base with Sunburst Landscaping because of the quality of product they use.  We got in touch with them and started working with Rusty.  Rusty did a great job helping us come up with ideas that would fit our budget, but that would also look amazing.  He listened to the ideas we had, and gave some great ideas of his own.  He was the only salesman we spoke with that we didn't feel like was trying to nickle and dime us.  The crew that came to install our pavers/turf/plants were incredibly professional and completed the job within the time frame they originally gave us (something that doesn't hardly happen in the home improvement world I have learned).  And after they were done, they didn't leave any trace that they had been there... besides a beautiful yard!!Our yard looks incredible!!  The before and after is amazing!!  If I can figure out how to post pictures, I will :o)  Make sure you give Sunburst Landscaping a call, and definitely ask to work with Rusty.  He did such a great job throughout the entire process, and was very easy to contact at any point in time with any questions we had.
Food is never my favorite.  I honestly find it mediocre at best.  But I guess you don't go to a brewery for the food.  But the environment and beer cannot be beat!!
The lady owner (I assume) sucks. Every time I go in she always says chinito. Guessing because I am Asian. Which is extremely offensive to me. Never coming back here. She never cuts my hair the way I tell her to anyways. A simple medium fade. Zero on the sides and a 3 on top. Not high in the back and she still goes high. When I had slick back hair, I specifically told her not to go high in the back and she still does. It's been about two years since I've been here. Just wanted to finally put this review up.
This restaurant is awesome! It may be a small sized restaurant but it was well worth it. The environment and the atmosphere of the Lao/Thai restaurant really comforts me. The owners and workers are very nice and welcomes you with open arms. I am Lao and they are Lao as well so they do have a secret menu. They make homemade Lao cuisine so everytime I go there, I order Lao food and it feels like I am home.
He's honest and gives you a good deal! I know many people who goes to him. I definitely recommend this shop if you have an import car.
Came here on a Friday night, had heard from a coworker that it was good. I had the Rahm Schnitzel,  sauce had decent flavor; however the spaetzel was very dry and over cooked. Portions kinda small, and no salad, pretzels or bread included with dinner. My husband had the Worstplatte, which is a selection of their sausages. Over cooked as well. Mashed potatoes were runny and not enough of them. Sauerkraut was very tasty. Price per dinner for what you get is not worth it.  (Oh and the cost of their first Saturday dinner buffet has gone up to $22.99 supposedly includes beverage and dessert.)Overall disapointing. I can make better at home.
My impression is that I am not nearly hipster or yuppy-vapid enough to truly appreciate this place, I guess. My husband really wanted to go here so I humored him and we did just that, luckily it was after 9pm on a Thursday so parking was easy enough to find and we didn't have to pay, but any other time I can see the HUGE draw back. There were the drunk pretentious Vegas/LA type people who are only their to drink and be seen. Most of the shops were closed, except for the food and beverage scene. Not impressed at all. Pricing like that of The Strip, which I guess means it is normally overrun with tourons. If I want that experience i'll go a few blocks over to Fremont or down to The Strip. NOT going back if I can help it.
Always do an awesome job on my nails, been coming here for about 6 months. Vi and Saul are both very good. Pedicures are lovely too!! And my nails last! Which is always a wonderful thing! 3 weeks this last time and still looked just as good as when I got them done the first day. Best selection of gel colors around!
Unfortunately the owners decided to go cheap and started to use premade fillings. Thats to bad because they ruined what I would consider one of the more gourmet donut shops in town. Can definitely taste the difference. Leaves nasty aftertaste in your mouth now. Not going back after last fiasco with the donuts here. Ended up throwing out most of a dozen.
So after much haraunging by my husband we were able to swing by the container park near Fremont street. It was after 9pm when all the under 18 crowd is kicked out so a peaceful uncrowded stroll through something akin to The Pearl District/Pioneer Square in Portland, OR. Piped in music and almost no crowd now, where to get some late night munchies after gambling for the last few hours at a local casino? Pork & Beans... ok I'm game name sounds cool, smelled delicious, and... well yeah. I got the Classic which is Pork and Beans with a garnish of a random piece of over cooked bacon (ie burnt) and parsley. The beans were blah, really gritty texture and had to ask for some of the stone ground mustard to put on it to give it some sort of flavor. They were also not very hot temperature wise. Now I want to make note that as someone who is a classically trained chef and whose mom was from the south I can appreciate a yummy rendition of southern food. This was not it, disappointed to say the least.My husband got the Ultimate Hot Dog, it comes topped with the stone ground mustard, carmelized onions, and chopped pickle relish on a hoagie roll that was toasted on a flattop. He enjoyed his food thoroughly. (He is a chef too, just fyi)We decided to try the rockyroad brownie as it looked tasty when served to some other patrons. Cold. Yes it was cold... and the parchment paper was still stuck to the bottom. Ugh, the flavor was awesome, chewy chocolatey goodness with toasted marshmellows and chunks of chocolate oh and lets not forget the crunchy walnuts mixed in too! Would have been way better warmed up with a dollop of whipped cream or the option of a scoop of vanilla icecream, just a thought. I guess if you are looking to serve people here in the dead heat of summer cold would be better, shrugs.Service was prompt, probably because the place was almost empty, and and the people there were nice. All seemed appreciative we were there, even the security guard checking our ids as we went in. Best part of the whole evening was the giant praying mantis out front whose antennae spit out 5 foot flames. If nothing else go check that out after dark!
Called to have my house deep cleaned and was quoted a cost of $140.00 for to people to come clean. Ok set up an appointment for 1:00pm on Tuesday the next week. Was told we would get a call from someone to confirm our appointment the day before. That never happened, my husband had to call them. So day of appt. and they are 30 minutes late. No apology or call. My husband had been waiting for them so he could let them in and then go to work. Because they were late he was late to work. Had they called he could had made other arrangements. I called later and talked to Myra who gave me a song and dance excuse then apologized. Ok so the ladies who cleaned were running late because the previous client was really picky and PROBABLY made them go over stuff. Ummmm not really my problem. Professionally speaking say "I am sorry for the inconvienence and what can I do to make this a better experience?" Don't make me have to ask for a discount on your service because of your mistakes. Ie poor scheduling. Then I get home and the ladies who cleaned were not aware of the agreed $10 discount. I had to call the office to clear up what was said even was told only if they finished within three hours. Well I was told they actually started at 2 and it's now 4:45p and the ladies have been done almost 15 minutes, my math says under three hours. To be fair the ladies that cleaned were very professional and pleasant. They also cleaned my house very well. Not sure it was worth the headache with the poor customer service in the office. If I do get house cleaned professionally again, it probably won't be with this company.Of course customer service in Vegas is seriously lacking compared to other places I have lived. And I work in the service industry.
My hubby and I as trained chefs and coming from the NW  always are on the look out for tasty food that has fresh ingredients and offers them at a decent price. This cafe does just that. Think Mediterranean menu meats fresh organic deli type food. I had the turkey sandwich which was delcious, with the seasonal seared tuna on mixed geens with a ginger seasame dressing and edamame. The sandwich was done panini style and was an addicting blend of textures and flavors all completely in sync. The salad had such a delcious dressing with just a hint of pepper heat to balance out the sweet. My hubby had the Pide (greek style flat bread?) BBQ chicken flavor and it was very good too, he ended up dipping the crust into the dressing remains of my salad. Only reason not five stars was we were served on paper plates and a plastic trays while other customers were served on actual plates with real silverware. The salad dressing made the paper plate soggy and made a bit of a mess. Although the plates and plastic wear were compostable, which I do appreciate.
Food great, service good, two stars for the super loud music that they refused to turn down. Would have been nice to carry on a conversation with out having to yell. Just fyi management, makes it difficult to enjoy a meal when it's not conducive to visit. Which is one of the reasons we as humans go out for food, its a bonding experience,  but not here. More of an eat and get out. Even in the middle of the afternoon when there were maybe 15 diners total.
If I could give minus stars I would. DO NOT BUY GROUPON. Here's why, unprofessional and very difficult to get them out to do work. After 2 tries finally shows up, smelling like body odor and smoking a cigarette to our front door. When shown the area that we needed weeds pulled, and that is really all we needed, he carried on saying it would be way more than the Groupon price of $200, more like $500, and it was going to take all day. Really? Because we've had other landscapers come out, 2 guys took less than 2 hours and we had them trim a bunch of bushes, rake out the whole back yard, trim up 4 pineapple palms and clean up all the debris. Save yourself the pain and discomfort of dealing with someone so unprofessional and go with someone else.
After enjoying the rides in Adventure Dome in Circus Circus with my wife and 4 yo son, we decided to eat at Mexitalia since it's in front of the dome. I didn't mind the cafeteria type service, which means we wait in line to order and then when our number is called we pick up our order. I ordered fish tacos, my wife- beef tacos and my son mac and cheese. When I got our food, it was cold! Mind you we were the 2nd people in line! The fish was not fresh, it reminded of frozen fish tater tots! My wife's beef was tough! The kicker was even my 4 yo old son spit his mac and cheese out! He said it was yucky!!! How can anyone mess up mac and cheese! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE
I enjoyed myself at Chase field, it was exciting and fun,it was a family atmosphere and plenty of entertainment. I WOULD recommend experiencing Chase field to my family and friends. The food was a bit pricey, but it was definitely worth buck.
Good prices, large menu, food served quickly. My server however should have written down my order, they brought me the wrong soup and my steak was med well instead of med rare it even said so on my reciept.
We arrived there at 8:10pm on a Monday night(february 13th) and were greeted at the door by being told the restaurant closed at 9pm and it was up to us if we wanted to be seated or not which I thought was very rude since we had almost an hour until they closed. We had a gift card that I purchased from restaurants.com and we had already looked at the menu online so we had an idea of what we wanted to order so we said yes we would like to have a table. We were the ONLY table in the entire place kinda strange but with that kind of greeting at the door, if we didn't have the gift card we would have left. We ordered an appetizer sampler and an order of the mozzarella sticks they were brought out to us very fast and they were good, nothing special. But we were not given any appetizer plates or silverware to eat with we sat for several minutes thinking the server would bring them before I got up and found them myself, this was very disappointing, our meals came out shortly after and they were both good we had a roast beef sandwich and a chicken sandwich, the portions were generous the prices were cheap and overall the food was good. The service was less than standard, and dissapointing. While we were eating (I was sitting were I could see the clock on the wall) a man walked in at 8:40 and the server told him "I'm sorry we are closed" really with 20 minutes till they told us they closed? And at 8:50 a group of about 4-5 people came in the door and she also told them they were closed one of the people said to her thats not what your sign says and she turned to the man working in the kitchen and told him to turn the sign off outside because they were closed. The server was enough reason for me to never return but the food and reasonable prices might make me give it a second chance someday, but not any time soon.
I have ordered carryout from here numerous times and have never been disappointed.(they deliver) The people who answer the phone are always friendly and very helpful as I explain what I want every time and never know the name of my entree. The chicken noodle soup isn't the greatest, but the crab ragoons here are a must have every time!
WOW! Amazing food, we had the bruschetta crostini and the zucchini fritti tapas and they brought us a sample of the goat cheese peppadew pepper tapas as well because we couldn't decide which we wanted to order. Our server recomended a few entres and went into great detail about all of them James knows the menu and recomended the 2 entres we ordered,mushroom and chicken catalone and the chicken marcella. While we were waiting for our meals they brought us this amazing bread to dip in olive oil and peper. When our meals came James offered us fresh grated cheese and our meals were once again better than we expected. He boxed our leftovers for us and brought us a desert menu and again explained in great detail what each was. We chose the lemon passion and the homemade chocolate cake they were both fabulous. We also had an espresso which was the best I have had in ages. Our service and experience was far beyond what we expected upon coming in we will definately be back!
Garbage service if I could I would give it negative stars. The banker that was helping us out left in the middle of the transaction to help another customer and never came back. No one bothered to help us after that so we got up and left. So far it has taken 3 days for a simple change of name on a card. Stay away from this location it is the worst branch in all of Las Vegas.
I went in for a pedicure about a month ago and I wasn't very impressed. The lady who was cutting my nails cut too much skin off causing it to bleed for a few days after. I felt rushed, as there was other clients waiting and I didnt feel like I got the service I paid for. I probably won't go back here, but they are busy so perhaps you might have a better experience.
As an Indian who is always on the lookout for good Indian restaurants (particularly Veggie ones) in Scarborough, I can confidently say that this is one of the top veggie Indian restaurants that I have been to. It's a cozy establishment and has a small menu but I don't mind as I prefer quality over quantity. The Roti is soft and very tasty and the curries in the Thaali are all full of flavour. The restaurant eating area is clean and tidy. The only minor issue I had with my food is that the Mung Daal curry was slightly salty but not a deal breaker. I'm going to definitely go back and try the other items on their menu.
Bought a 6" Turkey with avocado a couple nights ago and was very disappointed. The meat was plentiful; they threw in 5 slices, which was awesome. However, the entire sandwich was ruined when it came to the avocado. The avocado was past it's due date. It was evidenced by the fact that it was brown and tasted bad. It might have been a one time thing, or maybe the guy didn't notice.I would give them a second chance, just to see if maybe it improves.
This is going to be an expensive meal.  Because there are way too many things on the menu that you will want to try.  It happened to us.  And it was wonderful too.Spend the money.  The atmosphere is as good as it gets.  The wait staff are phenomenal in how they treat you while you are seated in their restaurant.If you want to impress someone, take them to Mallorca.If you want to treat yourself, then get yourself to Mallorca. It is an experience.
Off track betting in a neighborhood bar!  Great happy hour deals and friendly staff.  Bathroom was dirty and small. But no real complaints.
Great locally owned place too eat. They have wonderful daily specials. If you have little ones, stop by on Sunday's.
Too good to be true!  I got a dining pub table last month.  When I got home, there was a crack on the top!  I had to drive all the way back and got it exchanged.  I put the table together and everything was okay.  8 days later, I saw my table in a ad for $100 cheaper.  I called to get the difference back and they said no.  What kind of practice is that?  Cheap furniture, if it's too good to be true, it probably is.
Standing room only!  Love this family ran place. If you're a pho junkie, stop by this place.
This was my first time here, I had a Groupon and didn't know what to expect.  I went with my wife and daughter who are fans of Korean food, (I'm half so you know I love it!)The food was full of taste, I can't complain there.  You get your monies worth too.  The only odd thing was that there was a limit on panchan and no rice served with the meal.  I think Koreans in Korea would roll over in their graves if they knew what was going on.  Rice and panchan are the staples of Korean food.  I just bared down and ordered it.
This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there. They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!  Barf!
This place is going downhill.  Cheaper utensils, napkins (I miss the old L&L printed ones) filled trash cans and filthy restrooms; I don't know where to start.  I hope they get their act together, I really want to like it again.
Love this place!  If you're tired of franchise joints, check out this true mom and pop restaurant. Nice happy hour too.
The only positive thing I can say from this is that they have a large selection of bridesmaid dresses, yet I could have gotten this dress at another store with better service that would not result in my needing an absurd amount of alterations. I am a part of a bridal party, and the bride thought it would be fun to all go in and pick out our dresses together. We came after work, and the bride had scheduled a bridesmaid fitting for all six of us. We were only allowed to use one fitting room in the bridesmaid dress section even though there weren't any bridal fittings at the time. This meant that it took an unnecessarily long amount of time for all of the bridesmaids to try on and select dresses.When I was fitted for my bridesmaid dress, I was told I should order two sizes up from the sample size never mind the fact that the sample size zipped up completely. Yes, it was a little snug, but it was also the holiday season. Regardless, I found it absurd that I was told to order two sizes up. While I did not listen and only ordered one size up from the sample size. Sure enough, it is giant on me, and I need to have it altered in multiple places. Yes, the bridesmaid dress is pretty, but the service and experience were severely lacking.  I will not be coming back in the future.
Absolutely horrible...When I first walked into this store the sales associate (Carolina) never greeted me, she just stood there and looked at me. I started shopping and found a blazer (which was not on sale) when I asked her to get me a bigger size she did not even look at the blazer and said "I think this is the last one". As I was shopping I found a rack with the same blazer that I was looking for and found my size. I was at the store for a while and she was very unfriendly and rude the entire time. When I was ready to check out she did not know how to use the gift card (which was purchased at their store).  I ended up waiting for 45 minutes just to pay for my purchase. When I left the store I realized that she forgot to take off a sensor on one of the pieces, so I went back. She never apologized and very slow went through my stuff and said that it was the jewelry and that I should good to go. I had to go back once again because she forgot to take another sensor off. After all this when I got home I found another sensor left on the jacket. There was no other customer when I was shopping, I WAS THE ONLY CUSTOMER. Shopping is suppose to be a good experience and she totally ruined it for me. If I go to H&M or Forever 21 I wouldn't expect great service, but you would think at BCBG they should get the very basic right. Carolina has no personality and should not be working with customers. I give her a 0 our of 10 for the service she provided me. Anyway, if you are planning on have a fun day shopping please avoid this store.
She was very professional and patient. Really took time and care into the session and provided the best images ever. She really showed she cared and let me be involved in choosing the outfits. I really loved the backgrounds she offered and enjoyed the overall experience. Would definitely recommend if you are looking for great service and beautiful images!
If I could give 0 if i could. Horrible experience, horrible service, uninterested staff. Food was bad. My husbands dinner didn't arrive until half an hour after my meal. One of the staff quit and walked out while we were there. No one greats you. No one gives a crap. We barely touched our meals and they couldn't care less. Will NEVER go back. And to the reviewer who said he felt like he was in Morocco has obviously never been there. This is a take out place. But now that we've ate there takeout is even off the table. So disappointed. We need new restaurants in Alderwood and I want the good ones to flourish. But this is not one of them.
My lashes look so pretty and so natural! I went in with some raggedy extensions that were to long and too thick for my lashes. Everyone thinks they are real and I am so happy. Everyone is very friendly too!
A much needed addition to the neighbourhood. Good and service both fantastic. It's not fancy but it has more personality than most.
My favourite place to go on Saturday night! Half price Cesars and great fish and chips. I'm partial to the halibut. Will be back!
We are regulars here! Fast and delicious take out. Best we've had in the neighbourhood. Charming service.
I have been eating Pasta Pantry's goods for many years now. The soups, pasta sauces and homemade pasta are all made fresh and taste unbelievable! The Spicy Meatballs and the Muchroom soup are my all time favorites! In fact we moved to Los Angeles 3 years ago and I still pick up meatballs whenever I am in town, freeze them and stowe them away in my suitcase. They are THAT good! And Carlos is the best!!!
Izakaya trs original. Le menu est compos de petits plats  partager en groupe. Nous avons ador la pieuvre ainsi que les crevettes tempura et le carpaccio wyu. Le sake nous a t servi dans une pousse de bamboo, belle touche. L'ambiance est lectrique et saura ravir les amateurs du genre.  essayer et ressayer !
Cocktails d'une qualit exceptionnel. Il n'y a pas de menu, tout est command selon notre got. Le service est impeccable et l'ambiance est feutre, peut importe l'heure. Exprience  essayer.
What the heck are all of you complaining about? this Is a great deal and the owner is always very friendly! The pizza is very good and always heavy on the toppings. I live right here in providence and an happy not to have to get a crappy pizza from Domino's all the way down on Durango. That place sux!! So what if the Kids were drinking soda and what not, their like 16 years old and do a pretty dang good job if you ask me. I had to sign up just to stick up for this new business in our neighborhood. Not too happy about the smoke shop, but what can you do.Oh Yea It's $7.00 pizza people relax!
Did such an amazing job!!  I'm so happy. Helped me move stuff around to better get my car in the garage!  Be sure to tip well!  Corey does great work!!
Responded to my email request same day and was able to give me valuable advice. I emailed a few other law offices and have yet still to hear from them. Thank you for your help!!
Gross! Tastes like microwaved mush. Everything cold and covered in gelatinous "sauce". Orange chicken not at all crispy....had the texture of a sponge and cold. Mongolian beef swimming in brown liquid and overpowered by green peppers....cold. Spring rolls also cold and mushy. Chicken fried rice had no vegetables in it.Just awful.... $45 wasted. The only thing edible was the plain white rice and it was also cold.2 stars for prompt delivery but this was disgusting and I will never order from here again.
Excellent service from a professional and caring team! Good diagnosis and treatment  well worth it.
If you want to wait more than an hour for just a slice of basic pepperoni pizza, definitely go here. Ridiculous.
Great drinks I really love that the Daiquiris are pre-made literally really good! I really like the atmosphere very laid back. I came in a Saturday around 4 which is happy hour! And it wasn't at all crowded. Very nice bar tender and quick service!
Not organized at all but the tri-tip and fries are amazing! Also they don't give water cups they charge you (C'mon it's Arizona!)
It's a close by place for me to have lunch/brunch. You get lots of good options - healthy and yummy!If Phoenix weather allows you to sit outside, on a lazy Sunday, the patio sitting with sprinklers makes Sunday brunch just wow!I like the freshly brewed coffee with hazelnut milk and Italian wedding soup! Their frittata rustica is also really good!The only negative I would say is the slow service. It could be really really slow! Other than that, I love this place!!
My stylist was Lizet and she is just awesome! My new style looks great!! Thank you!:)
The place is clean and the ambience is great with some real cool artwork!:) I tried lamb gyro and liked it. Sangria was good but not too great.
The place doesn't look too fancy from the outside, but it sure is a hidden gem! I finally tried it and liked the place a lot!Menu has good options and red curry is a must to try - Really good!I ordered spice level 3 and it was perfect for me, not bland and not too hot either that you won't get the real taste of the food.
I like the local, neighborhood ice cream stores more than the retail chains. This one is actually a sweet one as it's name suggests so!:) Flavors are good and people are nice too!:) can't wait to visit again!
Loved this place! I love going for brunches, tried this place for the first time today and I'm happy I did. My friends and I had a fantastic time. Service was good and fast. Menu had decent options to choose from and food was yummy!And yes, Guava mimosa was really awesome!!
We (me and my colleagues) went there for a happy hour on Friday evening. This was our first visit. Not at all impressive!!* The salsa and chips weren't complimentary.* Quesadillas were too dry.* No hot salsa. The one they call hot, weren't hot at all.* Very limited drink menu in happy hour.* Food options in all are limited.Avocado fries were really good and fish tacos were good too. But other than that, not at all impressive - even though it's a cute place.
Yesterday was the first time I actually tried the place even though I have been to the mall several times before and thought about trying something here. I'm happy I finally gave it a try!The menu is elaborate with funky and funny names of the drinks!I tried flamingo -pineapple nunu and simply loved it. It was so refreshing and yummy!I'm gonna try a few more flavors soon.
After recommendations from several family members, my husband and I decided to try Flo's while vacationing in AZ. They have an awesome happy hour from 3-7 daily. I would suggest trying the lettuce wraps and crab puffs.. so good!
Great outdoor seating and view of the fountain! Friendly service and the food was a little above average.
Haven't been here since I was a kid. I grew up down the street on Melvin and couldn't believe Lydias was still around when I was looking on maps. I'll be home in August and am coming by to grab a bite to eat! Good food never dies out!
Maybe this cleaners should take more than an hour to get your clothes clean. I use them for the first time today and I will never return again. I don't even think they clean my clothes. One shirt still smells like the cologne had on when I wore the shirt. Another shirt still has the stain that they were supposed to remove. Then they tell me my clothes were hand washed and not dry cleaned because I didn't tell them to dry clean my clothes. What's the point of bringing your clothes to the cleaners if they're not going to be dry cleaned. I can hand wash my clothes myself. I asked them how it's a customer to know there's an option to get your clothes dry-cleaned or hand wash with no signs. I believe it's safe to assume when you drop your clothes off at the dry cleaners they will be dry cleaned or is it just me. The top it off they still tried to make me pay for the shirt that's still have the stain on it. I will NEVER use them again.  1 * only because I have to.
The Entrance Fee is 5$. Although I didn't go through the tour, I looked up on my phone the history of the church as I sat in one of the pews.It made me smile as I sat in the Church and got to catch the ringing of the church bells signalling the time. When you walk into the Church you're going to be amazed by the painted night sky above you with golden stars and stained glass rose window skylights. The centre one with more details of what looks to be saints standing side by side surrounded by little angels. Can be easily over looked by those that don't look up. The pews ends have unique carvings in them as though you pray with the saints. The stained glass windows around the church are beautiful to look at, and also the various paintings on the walls all around. A beautiful single persons stair well which winds from the first floor also has two statues who seem to be conversing with one another. The decorative relief around the church is amazing to behold, with such amazing craftsmanship all around. Wander to the chapel in the back - The sacred heart chapel.It's a room of warmth golden glow. Beautiful. For those that like interesting historical religious titbits of information or little Easter eggs. There are two small alters in this chapel that have very old Catholic symbolic references that are rarely known today - which means these altars are most likely very old. One has a small painted calf - long ago there were animal sacrifices, offerings to God. You can also find a symbol of the pyramid with the all seeing eye on the other - symbol for the holy trinity. Well at least I thought finding these symbols a treat to see. Maybe I'm just dorky like that - but if you would like to see it, take some time to enjoy the altars and keep your eyes open - the symbols are kind of small.
My Beau dragged me to this little restaurant that seemed to be tucked away in the middle of nowhere. Ok~ maybe it's not in the middle of nowhere and I'm just saying that because he dragged me there at night. We had just landed in from Toronto and needed a place to eat and it was getting late and thank goodness this place was still open!It's really shady in the area at night as we passed a few zombies (if you know what I mean) to get to this restaurant. The streets aren't that brightly lit around the area either. Inside behind the double doors of this restaurant was a night get away from the chill of the winter. The place seemed clean and well kept.There wasn't anyone else but us in the restaurant but it was around 9pm, an odd hour to eat dinner. They didn't serve the three bean drink at this restaurant -  I always get at Pho places. Maybe they do have it but I just didn't order it right. But the server did apologize and say that didn't have it.The Pho here was so good! Better that some I tried in Chinatown. Boyfriend really enjoyed the chicken pho and feels this place had the best chicken pho broth he had ever had. The server was quiet, but was nice and pretty keen on making sure we had enough tea. I left very happy after dinner here ~ even if I didn't get my rainbow coconut drink.
Wow, is this place ever packed during lunch hour. So avoid high traffic hours like lunch if you don't like the touching chairs or elbows with strangers crowd. Be ready to have a bit of a wait. It really seems as though they are constantly on their toes here to watch out for who is leaving - clear the table - seat someone quickly.Tried to order the three bean rainbow drink but without eye contact or a glance they said they ran out. During lunch - they ran out.Ordered the house special.The soup base was a little watered down and lacked flavor for me but at least the food was reasonably priced.
This is the first place I got to eat at when I arrived in Montreal.They seated us quickly when we arrived at the restaurant.The decor is a little dated and seems as though not much may have changed from it's original state from the 80's? The server was very helpful when we ordered our food, as it was him that suggested our meals.I ordered a cold cut sandwich, and my friend ordered the Montreal smoked meat sandwich.  His was far better by leaps and bounds. I wish my sandwich was made with his meat but my tomato and lettuce - it would have been so good. The fries for some reason reminded me of McDonalds fries. We for dessert got the carrot cake to share - it's so big! - and it was good.
The place was packed and it looked very popular.There's a wait at the door before we're seated, and the waitress tells us that we have a time limit to eat because the table is booked at - so and so O'clock. I'm seated at a little table and chairs touching chairs.. more like jackets touching jackets to the neighbors next to us and I always wonder about the fire and hazard regulations when I'm seated like this. I was taken to this restaurant and was told it's a Japanese Tapas restaurant. All the dishes that came left me a little confused. WHY?! cause they were all mixed Asian foods. Some were Korean, some were Chinese, some were Japanese.At one point someone served us an interesting dish only to take it back soon after we took some pictures of it because it turns out we hadn't ordered it. Thank god they caught on to that! cause it looked good. I loved the Modern Western Japanese twist Art that are on the walls, and the sleek decor. But I felt cramped in the busy and somewhat loud restaurant. After paying the bill and after leaving, I felt it was a little too over priced for food that wasn't that spectacularly good.
I want to give it a 3.5, but I'm going to go for four cause the dumplings here are pretty delicious! Pork or Beef, they were both pretty good.Although the carpet and walls are dated and overly used, it had the typical decor of the - over popular restaurant that doesn't really care what they look like - cause their food is all they care for.I wanted to give this restaurant lower because of a few factors. How when at first searching for this restaurant - it was easy to miss. ( perhaps because I'm from out of town. ) That ordering a glass of ice water meant waiting a while to only get cold tap water. The girl who goes around refilling the tea only came when we first sat down and around the time we were leaving. No one really came to check up on how everything was. How I wished they had red vinegar on our table of self serving sauces.But I'm going to give them a 4! - cause their dumplings are that freaking good.Even when they don't look like much after coming off the pan.
WWOOOOooOoOW... I could not believe how shady this hotel was.My boyfriend who booked it even apologized to me upon entering our room. We stayed here for two nights, the first night I decided to stay in my sweats and threw off the blanket cause it was dirty. *cringe and shutter*We wanted to even just scrap our second night and look for another hotel room but it was pointless considering we were flying out the next day.Don't be surprised when you find local zombies around the area of the location. They were harmless, but it's a pretty dark lit area, so I would warn you to becareful ~ just to let you know.It's is quiet and complementary breakfast has an alright selection. But not the best. My room seemed to have been unused for a while as there was a light layer of dust upon the furniture.I'm giving some stars to this place because... it goes to the fact that the room doors large, along with the large and spacious washroom which made it look as though the room I stayed in was very much wheelchair accessible.The elevator however was a little small.
I want to give this restaurant a 3.5.It's perhaps one of the coolest, tiny packaged little building I've been in for a restaurant. BEAUTIFUL! That alone was impressive to me.The servers were so nice and accommodating ~ although our server was not fluent in English, she tried her best and it was appreciated.  I'll be honest to say I didn't know what to expect when I ate here. It's UNIQUE. One of the most unique fusion tasting foods I've had. We tried a various of different dishes. Although not everything was to my taste, I don't remember hating any of the dishes so much that I wouldn't take another bite.Yes I would try this restaurant again :DPerhaps I should brush up on my french before going back....
This bakery is located in the CN building in the food court. If you are entering from the Rue de la Gauchetire, across the street from bon aventure, the bakery is located at the back left hand side of the food court. It's also right next to the entrance that connects from place ville marie.Don't walk around the block looking for it. Like I did :(I got a few goodies from this bakery as I love baked goods. I didn't know what to expect when I went here but they had a pretty good selection from snacks, sandwiches to cakes and loafs of bread. Everything I got was pretty delicious.
Want to give this 4.5This little restaurant is kind of easy to miss. As I walked past here twice looking for the restaurant from across the street. Their sign is blocked by either a tree or lamp post- I don't remember. When we spotted it we quickly crossed and went right in. Watch out for the steep short steps down. And make your way into this small single front door that once perhaps pristine white. When we walked in, we began to question what made this place rated so highly. This little restaurant that sat at the bottom of the stairs. It's not anything fancy inside - it's like any over used and rarely updated Asian restaurant. Although they do have a tv there to keep you visually entertained while you wait for your order to arrive.Then you eat the food. You MUST try the Pho!Wow! Hello broth! Perhaps the best I've had in a while! Or ever ?! Yeah that good. i ordered number 13 small. Although I didn't feel completely full upon finishing I did after finishing half the three bean with coconut milk dessert drink. Everything was so good and I left very happy. I'm unsure if this restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
I went here after yelp searching a place near my hotel for poutine. They only have one dish of poutine - and that's disco poutine. Unless there are other ones that I totally overlooked. I ordered the black cherry lemonade for a drink ( this alcoholic drink )The store is modern and clean inside with tall ceilings and large windows. Black, pink, silver is the main color scheme. The hostess is a beautiful and tall young woman. And the waiter guys aren't bad to look at either. They are sweet enough to come up and introduce the new server if the other is ending his shift.I didn't realize that the disco poutine would be such a large dish till it came. I honestly didn't know if I was supposed to eat it with my hands, or a fork. In the end I didn't finish it and had to pack up more than half of it to go. I liked my drink - but I don't feel like I loved it - it's all that I can say about that. Although I went around 3 and there were not that many people in the restaurant, it took them a while to notice me as I stared at the waitress, bartender, server to get the bill to pay and leave. The server did apologize when he came over to give me the bill and quickly doggy bagged my food to go.Besides that I have nothing really bad to say about this place. The food is pricey but because it's good it makes up for that. I will go back, maybe with more people, just so I can eat more of the variety of dishes they have to offer. Delicious!
This place is amazing!!Julie has been doing my nails for a long time and she is FABULOUS! Her attention to detail is flawless and she does a perfect job every time! Christina has done my nails as well (and eyebrow waxing) and she does an amazing job, too! I highly recommend this place! You will not be disappointed!!!!
My all time favorite fast food place to eat while visiting Phoenix. You don't think of fish when you think of the desert but believe me, it's good! My Kids & I order the shrimp & chips with extra sauce and my Husband orders the burger and fries. Everything on the menu is tasty especially with the Pete's secret spicy sauce. I love Pete's Fish & Chips!!!
WAYYYYYYY OVERPRICED for Phoenix. Food was good not great, except for the guacamole with pomegranate seeds.That was delish but very small and pricey. Drinks were tasty but small and pricey as well.The staff was okay, the ambiance was cool but didn't match the prices.This cafe is literally near the barrio but nobody in the barrio would be able to afford the prices and honestly could eat better food at home....Very disappointed!! If your into getting ripped off or your a hipster who doesn't mind pricey "authentic" mexican food, then this place is for you. Love visiting Phoenix but happy to be home in Los Angeles with affordable, delicious, authentic mexican food.
I have been going to Dr. Schmidt for over 15 years, and no other Chiropractor has been able to help me the way he has. I used to get terrible migraine headaches once a month, and thanks to him, I haven't had one in years! He is extremely knowledgeable, kind and takes the time to understand me and my concerns. I love the instrument he uses...it is gentle and very accurate...the headache adjustment is AWESOME!! It relieves any tension almost immediately! He has also taken care of all of my children and their many sports injuries. I can't say enough great things about Dr. Schmidt and his staff. His office is always clean and everyone is very professional, including the massage therapists. I will drive across town to see him, it is worth the drive!
Cantonese cooking at its best! Everything cooked perfectly and comes out scalding hot which is the way it should be. Lots of regulars who comes here! Food taste great just like in Hong Kong. When in Toronto, one should come for a few stops. Recommend the clams with black bean sauce, the hollow vegetables, and the beef stew cooked with turnips. I'm hungry just in writing this review...
The best decision I made was to work with Rich Mason at North Scottsdale BMW. He was totally professional and had meticulous attention to detail.
Best chimichangas in PHX. But don't have any ideas about the atmospere. Take the food to go!
Best sliders in town! I went here every week in HS. It gets busy though. Park around the corner. Great food and a wonderful family run business.
Best tortillas in AZ is not a slogan. It's the truth. It's worth the trip every time. I go to this place everytime I  am in town. Chorizo is amazing! They sell it to take home too
Very good food! I tried it after the article about 21 best sandwiches in Phoenix. The Reuben was good, but looked nothing like the picture. Great place to enjoy a great AZ day
I'm gonna hedge my bets on a 3 for now so I can have the pleasure of bumping this up the next time I'm in there and get to sample ALL THE GIN (or make a valiant attempt to anyway).Amazing selection of gin, loved the wee code on the menu that helpfully points out the ideal mixer/garnish to have with each different one. I went for an old favourite (Botanist) cause I was intrigued by the idea of someone sticking a wodge of grapefruit in it...end result? Tangy citrussy ginny loveliness! The cocktail menu looked pretty ace too, so will be hitting this place up to try a few of those next time too (any excuse really!). Only downside I would note is that the prices are very edinburghish in here but the gin selection is second to absolutely none, the staff are friendly and the surroundings are lovely so it's worth it. Not somewhere I'd come to drown my sorrows but definitely a great spot for some weekend drinks and chat!
Had a Saturday arvo out in Edinburgh a couple of weekends ago and the pal decided we were to explore pastures new (although Holyrood 9A was a given for dinner! ;) ). This was (I think) our second stop of the day and brief though our visit was, I loved it and have every intention of being back soon.Looks like a bland, slightly old mannish place from the outside but inside it's exactly what a pub should be. Friendly bar staff, excellent beer selection and a lovely wee table in the far right corner that catches the sun through the window in just the right way. I could while a lot of hours away here on a sunday with a book and some beers. For a Saturday afternoon with rugby on at Murrayfield it wasn't too busy either. Plenty busy enough, just not rammed to the rafters busy, which was a pleasant surprise!If you're a beer head, you could do a lot worse than head down here!
I've had a proper wee swither over this star rating. I'd say really a 3.5, but it's not quite hitting the 4 spot for me at the moment!I visited here a long while ago with a friend on a nice sunny day when it was pretty quiet and had the most amazing scrambled eggs (not hard to go wrong there, but really good ones are rare!) and enjoyed it, though there wasn't all that much of any kind of ambiance so it didn't hit  me with any memorable ''I must come back here'' response. Anyway.  I visited here again due to proximity a week or so back with my boss after we'd been to a meeting nearby. The overall verdict is that the food is pretty nice (I opted for a salad this time round, it was delicious!) but the company is what's gonna make your visit to Hemma cause the ambiance is still fairly M.I.A. It's like a very nice clean white canvas to paint your own stuff on really. I basically ate my salad in silence other than speaking to the waitress (who was lovely by the way)  given that my boss is not the greatest conversationalist and that there was nothing else really going on. And sadly there was no cocktail for me this time, but I can report with confidence that the coffee is a spiffing good cup of java! Not at all bad, but lacking that little bit of sum'in to make it great as yet!
The pal works here so have been in on several occasions now. Fantastic beer selection but we were a bit famished so had burgers set firmly in our sights rather than brewed refreshments this arvo!Burgers were great. I had the Holyrood BBQ with peri-peri fries, and I have to say, despite hating this word, it was amazeballs. I didn't finish it entirely but I think that's because I'm not an endless dustbin, not anymore anyway. The BBQ sauce was just the right side of sweet, not overly sugary the way it often can be. I'd go back tomorrow hungrier and have 5 of them bad boys!Also the staff are pretty great, but then I'm biased there! :P
There are a few things in life I am particularly fussy about, most of them geek related and irrelevant to this review.Coffee is one of those things also, and is easily in the top 3 of things I am most likely to complain are ''just not right'. Not here though. No chance of that happening.If I had time, money and my own flat, then I would totally be pasting the uber cool, entirely wooden, totem pole-d decor that this place is dripping in. It looks great. I would happily come in here to just sit and try to look like part of the (cool) furniture. Anyway, enough about that!3 times I've been here (twice with work, once with the Edinburgh friend) and 3 times I have had perfect coffee. Yes, you heard me. Not great, not really good, PERFECT. This is not a word I throw around in regards to my favourite brew often, if ever. It's rare.Edinburgh has tons of great wee coffee places, but this one is the best. Sod the other ones and go here. But not all at once please. I don't want to be standing in a huge long queue the next time I go!
I properly heart this place. It makes me feel like a kid in a sweet shop...except older and with beer and (supposedly) enough common sense to know better. The hangover I had on sunday suggests I've got a bit to go there yet! ;)The couple of times I've popped in here have been all too brief as far as I am concerned and one day I will make it back here and stay long enough to try as many ''sweets'' as it takes me for me to talk nonsense and require rolling back on to a train (not many I fear). The beer and whisky selection is pretty fantastic, plenty of stuff I recognised, and plenty I didn't but was intrigued by. Got to try a wee beer I'd had my eye on for a while and whilst it wasn't anything much to write home about after all, the other 2 plus the whisky were pretty awesome. I'm not usually one to go for dark beers but the coconut porter I had reminded me of a tin of quality street someone had tried to drown in booze. As odd as that sounds, it's definitely a good thing! The barman is lovely. Chatty and knowledgeable without being pushy or in your face. A good dude. If you're a beer head, get yourself in here, it's great!
This is what narnia looks like.To me at least.Picture a shelf of gin. Then another. Then another. Add to your picture a big board of awesome beer, funky artwork, hot dogs and comfy leather couches. Picture complete. Enjoy.Today was the second time I've been in here, my pal is good friends with most of the guys who work here and is now actually making cakes for them, which is great, because this means the next time I'm in Edinburgh, not only will I get to enjoy my version of narnia in all it's brilliance, but I'll get to do it with cake.It's uber cool without so much as a whiff of pretension which is rare, and to be treasured I think. An awesome bar. The beer selection is phenomenal and the staff are all really knowledgeable and friendly in the dispensation of any beer/gin related advice. Discovery of the day: Death's Door is nothing to be wary of. Not in gin form anyway. ;)
I am a lifelong Disney obsessive, so having my wee niece around now with her first christmas just round the corner gave me the perfect opportunity to go a bit mad in here whilst I was tackling the first tranche of ''real'' christmas shopping this year.The range of stuff is really great and the prices are pretty much what you'd expect to pay for disney merchandise. The staff are an utter delight (seriously, how are they so happy?!) So the 3 stars rather than the 5 that my heart wants to give are reflected in the really bad management of queueing that came close to inducing PTSD/claustrophobia in me today. It's nearly christmas, it's a disney store and it's obviously going to be mobbed with people and little kids, so a wee bit better shaping of the queueing system would save a lot of time and a lot of hassle. There were at least 3 near tussles with the women either side of me in the queue with one trying to get to merchandise that was on shelves the queue was supposed to go around with the other woman thinking she was ''trying to cut me off eh?!''. And that's before you get to all the parents trying desperately to cling to their offspring who are determined to barrel through the middle of the queue to get to something shiny/furry/glittery on the other side.
Lauren does not do ''feart'' very well so I am not actually a fan as such of this place, the 4 stars reflect the effort I could see has gone into the place and the actors who keep the whole thing running.The actors are fantastic and mostly pretty convincing, the props and sound effects keep the whole spooky thing at it's height. Chuffed I did this, but no-one but my best friend could have convinced me to go in here and if I venture back....well, let's just say I'll probably take spare pants! A great day out for those who like a spook and a scare, and I do have to say some of the historical bits explained throughout were really quite interesting!Also, apologies to the innocent woman standing next to me who's head I nearly climbed up in fright!! :P
I'm in town for the night for a conference tomorrow. Found it on Yelp due to high ratings and within a mile of my hotel.  Then saw the feature by Guy Fieri on Food Network and knew I had to check it out. Tried pork belly bao duck bao and the pot stickers. Both versions of the bao were really good but the pork belly dish was out of this world.  Already wondering if I can sneak off at lunchtime for another visit before heading home.
When we walked in the place was empty and it was self seating. So we walked around trying to find a CLEAN table! They were all filthy. Also the bathrooms were horrendous!!!! I will never return. The waitstaff were all sitting around on their phones and some were singing and dancing around. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!
We've been here 4 or 5 times since it opened and never had a bad experience. The menu has a lot of healthy options to chose from and I love the fresh juices! The food is always prepared well and the service is always good. They get busy but we never have to wait long to be seated or to get our meals.  The only downfall is parking because the lot is small but this is definitely a spot we will continue to frequent.
It was busy, we waited about 20 minutes for a table. Once we were seated, we received prompt service despite the volume of people. My waffle was amazing!!! I recommend this place and will visit again!
It was my first time there. A friend of mine had recommended it and it was much more than what I expected. The guy working there helped me out, explained everything to me. Gave me great advice on what to get exactly, the amount and what to mix it with. Even though I walked in 20 minutes before they closed, I never felt rushed or anything. He really took the time to help us out. I will definitely be coming back. Amazing store with great customer service. Thank you!
My mom is a Mexican Chef and took her to Cantina in 2012 and she absolutely loved it! We went there a couple of times, but then I stopped going for a few months. Apparently they changed ownership and I visited the restaurant with my husband again a couple of weeks ago. It was a waste of our time and calories. The only good thing was the service. The chips tasted old and their red salsa tasted like everyone else's, straight out of the bottle. I read that their green salsa was incredible, so I ordered it, and it was a shame! It tasted straight out of the bottle too. I am Mexican, I would know! I ordered a burrito and it was okay, nothing out of the ordinary as it used to be. Definitely not worth my trip to this place, when I can most likely find fresher food with more taste at some spot down central avenue. I wasn't looking for authentic, I know that is hard to find, but I was looking for quality food that is unique in taste and savory. Not coming back again!
Met up with friends and enjoyed a meal out in the Patio. It was beautiful. I love the decoration inside and outside. The price is very good for the food you get. I ordered the meatballs and they were the big meat balls with cheese inside. I could taste the freshness of the tomatoes in the sauce. I arrived a little late, so I didn't have a chance to enjoy an appetizer, but my friends were very pleased with it. I loved the service! My food was brought out right away and the waiter helped me design a drink accordingly to the mood I was in. He was very helpful and very nice. The service made our meal even more enjoyable. Definitely I place that I want to go back to in Charlotte!
The food was wonderful, but there is nothIng worse than going out for dinner to have a good time and end up having to deal with horrible and rude service. During Restaurant Week we decided to try a new restaurant and I am glad we did Del Frisco's because their steak was delicious. Unfortunately, our waiter was horrible!! My friend ordered some extra bread for the table and the rude waiter came and placed it right in front of her in a rude way without even saying a word and walking away. Why place it right in front of her as if she was going to eat it all. She just ordered it for everyone? Is everyone going to get a loaf of bread chubbed in our face too? Everyone in the table felt offended by his attitude and made it very unconfortable. He never came to check on us and we had to keep asking other waiters to fill up our cups. He was rude and made our dinner experience not enjoyable at all! He made us not want to come back on a regular day to pay regular price and get BAD SERVICE!!!
I've been at this establishment several times and the host staff always greets us promptly and is very courteous. Wait staff varies on attentiveness; however, the food is great! You get a salad or soup with your meal. Prior to your meal they serve you hot ciabatta rolls with whipped butter. The caesar salad dressing is made perfect- with just the right anchovies. The prime rib is always tasty- perfectly cooked and seasoned well. They offer pure horseradish and less spicy horseradish sauce. On the side, you have a choice of potato or vegetables. The price of the meal between 3 of us was under $60 without tip. It's a great value. Keep in mind i've had prime rib at Lawry's and Prime Rib Loft is better.
I would say this is more like 2.5 stars and don't waste your money if you are looking for delicous meat dishes. Tried multiple items:Lobster bisque- goodFried Chicken tastyPrime Rib- all over cooked (horrible gray)to the point there was no flavorQuail- same as the prime rib little to no flavor and overcookedDuck-overcookedNeedless to say I tried multiple meat dishes and had them discarded because the dishes were bland and overcooked. When we notified the staff, the wait staff was very cordial and sent over a manager. The experience with the manager was probably the least ingenuine display of empathy in her eyes even though the words coming out of her mouth made it sound like she cared. Either way you get a sense that your feedback is going in one ear out the other.Overall this buffet does not really have anything that really sets it apart from say the Caesar or M resort buffet other than the beautiful ambience.Caesar definitely has a better selection of meat dishes and they are more flavorful and not overcooked.
Went here for New years and ambience was perfectly laid back with the right kind of lighting. Seats were comfortable. Ordered the gyoza to start and perfectly tender in the middle with a crispy fried outside. Spicy tuna roll was well prepared and unlike some other places it didn't fall apart when picking up with chopsticks.  Pork belly was a tad overcooked but deliciousService was excellent!
Excellent sharpening of my wusthofs and kyoceras not to mention priced reasonably. Thanks Vernon for the personable and great service!
Had laser treatment done for vein removal on my face. Treatment resulted in blisters,  horrible scars around my nose and the veins are still there.
I've been going to this gym quite a while because they have a great open floor plan and the concentration of CO2 is lower here due to the ventilation systems. The equipment is well maintained. I would give it 4 stars but they continue to fail miserably at cleaning the floor and wiping down the equipment .
Beats any other donut place I have tried so far  in my lifetime. Seriously after eating one I can't help eating a second and wanting a third. Glazed donuts are the true test.  Ronalds glazed isn't too sweet, the dough has that brilliant tang and is perfect. If you want some delicious custard in your mouth go for the Boston creme or ask for just a glazed plain filled. Absolutely mouth watering just thinking about them.
Walked into this place and 3 people standing behind counter with one at register. One behind register didn't acknowledge me and walked away .  One person finally asked if I had been helped and proceeded to take my order. My order was prepared but he walked away without taking payment and said another individual would take payment. Was given my sandwich and I had to tell them I still haven't paid. He kept yelling to a female. She finally came up front to take payment. When I commented on there disorganization there was no apology.After I ate the sandwich I was still hungry so I went back in for the same order -apple smoked bacon, pepper jack, 1 egg and cream cheese on an onion bagel.I went to the same register I went to the first time. I kept looking at the employees and nobody acknowledged. Other customers walked in the door. The light bulb finally went on as I had not seen the sign before where I was originally standing under said pay here. It should have been a "duh" moment but in all my experience this setup is backwards from most other stores which they have the ordering counter up front after you walk in the door. Well being this is my first time in this store imagine my surprise. Regardless of my ignorance about the backwards setup, an employee should have acknowledged and pointed that out to me. So I stood in  the proper line to order and the man behind the counter was pleasant and took my order and then of course I went to the pay here register.Overall the experience was poor. It cost me $5.40 for the first sandwich and $6.90 for the second. Why the price difference for the same sandwich?  Well the first time I asked for cream cheese after they took my order so I was given a side. Little did I realize they charge$1.50 for cream cheese. What a ripoff. So in total I paid  $12.30 for breakfast. The next person who says fast food is cheap should think again.
Looking at the previous reviews and the wait to get in I really thought I was in for an amazing experience. However, the experience was truly disappointing.I was sitting at Extra Lounge enjoying cocktails and live music and thought I would order a burger to go since I was literally next door. The hostess kindly took my order and I paid for it and was told they would text me when it was ready. I waited about 20 minutes and then finally received my message. It took one minute for me to see the text and go back to the restaurant. When I picked it up the boxes were bagged to go, no utensils or napkins. I then requested the items and the hosted grabbed them. It took me less than a minute to get back to my seating. When my friend and I opened our to go boxes, both burgers (the farm and uber) looked like they had been sitting out and they looked like pre-frozen shaped patties. He had his protein style and mine was medium rare with the bun.  I took a couple of bites and was expecting some incredible flavor bursts but was let down. Both burgers  were bland with no seasoning and I realized then they left off the bacon I requested. I proceeded to take my burger back and reported to the hostess that the burger was cold and the bacon was missing. The manager came over and promptly apologized and removed the cost from my bill. Giving me a deer and head lights look she tried to convince me to try dining with them again. It was the least genuine attempt I've seen.I worked in the restaurant industry long enough that I can tell when food has been sitting.This burger, although ordered as medium rare, should have been warm on the outside.There wasn't any hint that it was even cooked on an open flame and I couldn't even distinguish the cheeses. Mind you I eat rib eye steak or ground beef (raw, rare, or medium rare) almost every day and I can smell and distinguish flavors very easily.    Overall, this is overhyped and doesn't deliver. Don't waste your money.
Lovely ambience and lighting,  perfect place for catching up with friends.Ordered the grilled octopus starter which was flavorful but overcooked. The manager attended to us quickly and removed the item from our bill and apologized. For the main meal I ordered the scallops and asked for a low carb alteration which included brussel sprouts instead of the cauliflower. The entire dish was delicious and perfectly cooked. Would definitely go back.
If you want a hip and up beat place for delicous breakfast, this is the place to go. I had the standard waffles with eggs and bacon. A good test for me is if I can eat the waffles without syrup and really enjoy the flavor of the waffle. This place definitely passes the test. My friend had the chicken waffles and the fried chicken was outstanding.  Overall great breading and juicy chicken. Service was excellent and the have fresh squeezed orange juice.
On the plus side the dishes are very flavorful and the staff is pleasant. They have a mint duck that is not on the menu that is delicious.  Staff is friendly and the interior of the restaurant is delightful and comfortable. On the down side the amount of meat placed in the dishes is stingy to the point my friends and I went to 168 for a whole duck and picked dishes from here as sides. For example the tom yung koong they put 8 shrimp which sounds like a lot but really isn't and if you want more they charge $1.50 per shrimp. They won't even add extra duck to any of the duck orders. The pork fried rice had less than 1 ounce of pork in it. At that rate what's the point of calling it pork or chicken or whatever meat you get in the dish because there is barely any meat. That's why this deserves 3 stars instead of 4. If you are a meat eater don't expect to get much from this place; however if you are fine with that then expect a flavorful experience.
Having a Dirty Martini in a small champagne glass at a cocktail bar just doesn't feel right.  Such a great space to be underwhelmed by the drink presentation both in feel and pour size.  The taste however was spot on  The beer selection is good with something for most.  The bar staff had a good vibe and very helpful...will try again soon.
I placed an order and after two hours I called back and they said the driver should be pulling up soon. Another 20 minutes later... bad pizza, cold food, bad customer service. DO NOT GO HERE.
I always plan on having breakfast here while I'm in vegas. Great prices, Great food and Great Service. Carole Ann served us today and she was great. Worth the wait. If you have a group, Call ahead and let them know. They will try and get something set up for you before you get there.
As a business traveler, this hotel checked all the boxes...central location, clean, free wifi, free breakfast, gym and spacious rooms. What puts this hotel in the five star category was the staff. They were superlative - friendly, helpful, and genuinely nice people. Jim, the guy who works at night, was particularly awesome. I've stayed at hotels all over the world and these guys really rocked on customer service. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone needing a place in Phoenix - business or leisure. You'll love it.
The food is very food and there drink as well I took my family out for dinner it was amazing good food i highly recommend this place it can get full at times but overall its good!
The food was great i really love there carne asada fries and the water de orchata
Great place. Accommodating and the staff was awesomeI had an incident yesterday. They had some sort of rapper or hip hop artist staying in the room next to mine. They were being loud, a lot of cursing and shouting, many doors brig slammed. And this occurred in the room (which was next to mine) and in the hallway. It went on until late at night (4 am)I felt unsafe and not comfortable calling security. I should. Retaliation was my main concern. I expressed my discontent this morning and manager gave me the possibility if late check out, which was nice considering my flight is schedule to depart at 6 pm. All and all it was good, however I would recommend to ANY hotel that have guests that are prone to kiss behave and not obey the rules to either NOT have anyone stay in t contiguous room (or on the floor at all) or to warn them prior to checking them in.
Amazing red chile burrito!!! I will be working my way thru the menu. Try the red chile burrito, you won't be disappointed
we have always liked Papa John's,  but, so disappointed in our delivery this evening. The driver actually said that our pizza was "exceptionally hot" and let me tell you....IT WAS NOT! $31 bucks for a mediocre pizza. so disappointing. will not order from Papa John's again.
Barrio Queen is a delicious place with genuine personality and service that makes a big difference. Victor is one of the BEST bartenders ever!
We sat at the sushi bar.  No hot hand towels.  Waitress was nice.  Not the freshest salad with a strange ginger dressing... more creamy than typical.  Hardly acknowledged by the sushi chefs (until we put a tip in their jar at the end). Our favorite rolls were the Naruto and the Cleveland.  Spicy tuna, meh.  This place feels like they're trying to be too many things.  Apparently it's also a hibachi grill, hookah lounge, night club upstairs and bar.  Final rating:  Could have been worse.
Ordered through DoorDash last night, three eight piece rolls.  All the rice was dry and falling off the rolls and was chewy.  Tuna tasted old and dry, ended up throwing it out and going to McDonald's. Do not recommend this place.
The presentation of the food was nice, and the food was good. The SERVICE however is DISMAL. we had a pretty waitress with really long dark hair, She never came around the table, you had to hunt her down, she served a coke that had been left on the bar until the ice had practically melted, when one of our guests was surprised by seafood in Ceaser salad mix and had an allergy, when she mentioned that to the waitress she asked if she wanted the menu again. After supper she gave us all our bills. We were having a mini baby shower and didn't ask us if we wanted coffee or dessert. As a waitress myself, I was tempted to not leave a tip but left a small one anyways. I do not wish to go back.Think the servers need a course in SERVING!!!
I sent my Fianc and his best man to try on suits because I heard this was a good place.  They were very short with them, told them they only rented tuxedos and had no suits, and they couldn't rent any shirts they had to buy them and told them they wouldn't find anything they were looking for here. They were so appalled of how they were spoken to they left not wanting to give them their business. Great customer service waxman.
It may look like a hole in the wall on the outside but the family atmosphere and the excellent food more than makes up for it.  Service was a little slow otherwise it would have received 5 stars.
Dr said I have cyst then after a month it's cancer did the ultrasound said I'm pregnant and then took it back and said I'm perfectly normal.   Ridiculous Charge my insurance and out of pocket cost.
I have been going for a few months regularly and I love the facility and the staff. Dr. Brim is an amazing chiropractor. He takes the time to understand your personal needs and creates a plan to get you on the right track.
Very pleased with service and prices. I spoke to Mark on the telephone to get a quote for service and when I came in the price was even a bit lower. Never a short wait when you get 4 new tires, but the facility is clean with a tv. I will be back for sure.
What an amazing experience. Great food, inviting ambiance, and amazing service. We had a large party and the staff never missed a beat. If you like carrot cake, they have the best ever! It is big, so bring friends and be prepared to share it!
Poorly organized and customer service is not at all helpful "no sir, these computers can't look up anything. They are only for western union".
Great desserts but the wait staff leaves a lot to be desired. We want to like this place (live across the street in the Cork Factory), but after 3 tries, it may be time to just give up. The last straw was simply trying to sit outside with my wife and have desserts. First, we stopped inside the door and told the waiter that came to seat us that we would just have dessert outside. We sat and waited without anyone coming outside to acknowledge us (not sure how long?). So I went back in the door and let the next person that came to seat me that we were sitting outside and just interested in dessert. A waiter came out 5 minutes later with water and dinner menus, so we again said we wanted dessert - to which he said he normally works next door at Cioppiono and would send someone else out with a dessert menu. After we had been sitting for 20 minutes, I went back inside and let the next person know it had been 20 minutes and all we needed was desert. So we got a second guy to come out with dessert menu, then they all disappeared again. After another 10-15 minutes without any sign of service, we just left. Really, this is not that difficult! Why can't a simple service orientation be built here to create what can be huge customer loyalty with a huge active customer base living 1 minute away? It is an opportunity missed (more than once).
Terrible customer service. They advertise new GF menu. First time I tried to order it, they ran out and decided they wouldn't carry it any more. So I called ahead on my way to the store and was told, yes they now have it. 25 minutes later, they had run out "15 minutes ago". No exactly customer friendly, it is all about how much business they can push through the store. Very disappointing.
Quickly becoming a favorite! Twice in the same month, and both were excellent for both food and service. The only thing I would change is to take care of the small flies (related to the indoor plant).
Food was excellent, but service was a disaster. Our group of 13 waited over 45 minutes for our first glass of wine (never offered a second till dinner was  completed). After a complaint to the manager that the server was not coming back often enough (at the first glass of wine stage), he said he would get personally involved. Obviously, that was completely useless!
Ahh.. I love this place and always go there for a treat. Willis Tower, chirashi, chicken wings and ramen. All taste very good. Need to wait during lunch and dinner. A little bit pricey but taste of food deserve it.
Yikes!!! I must be honest, I went in thinking the TV show embellished the crazy that's in this place. I was wrong!!! Had a pizza, it was undercooked, just asked if it could be cooked a little longer and got yelled at. Was told to leave but not before I paid for food I didn't even take a bite of!! Do not go here, do not feed these people egos! I can't believe they are still open! Hoping karma will work quickly for Amy's bakery!
***It's a really long review, I hope it doesn't deter you from reading it***I really wish yelp gave the option of  giving 1/2 stars. . .  And so with that opening sentence, here is my review:A group of friends and I went to Dal Toro out of sheer desperation. It was a Saturday night and well, being Vegas, all the good restaurants were already booked. Now, I know that we could have gone to any restaurant but we were starving and that was the only place we could get. The restaurant is at The Palazzo and located in the lowest level of the hotel. It was actually really hard to find and feared that because we were late, our reservation had been canceled. No such thing. Upon finally arriving, we checked in with the hostess. While we waited to be seated, a bride and groom (it is Vegas after all) went up to the hostess and asked if they could accommodate a party of 23. They said they were willing to wait since it was a walk-in. The manager comes out and says that it will take about 15 minutes. Now, THAT should have been my first clue. Sadly, I thought nothing of it.The hostess tells us that our table is ready, so we go in. Looking around, I didn't see that many people but again, didn't think twice about it. Our waiter comes to greet us and take our drink order. A few of us decide to get a bottle of wine while another one asked for a virgin daiquiri. The waiter tells her that they don't make frozen drinks there. So, she gets a Shirley Temple. Now, the wine selection was not that impressive and to be quite honest, they prices were a bit high.  We get our drinks and now it's time to order.  2 get the Tuna Tartare, another on gets the Salad di Campo (which is just greens with yellow red pear tomatoes with lemon olive oil) and I get the Caesar salad. while waiting for the appetizers, we munched on the bread and this delicious pesto-type dip. The appetizers are here, yay! What a big let down. Let's start with the Tuna Tartare: the description said it was a spicy fresh tuna with a balsamic reduction and micro arugula. It was neither spicy nor fresh. The balsamic reduction was a drizzle on the plate, not even on the tuna. Oh and the micro arugula consisted of a sprinkle of little teeny-tiny leaves, so that was true to the description.The salads were basic, nothing special about them.Our waiter comes and asks how our food is. We tell him that the tuna does not taste fresh and it's pretty much a disgusting dish. He asks if we want the kitchen to make a new. Hmm, let me see. . . that would be a no! We asked for something completely different and off he went. The new appetizers were Crab Cakes and a Caprese salad. The salad was good, the crab cakes were not. We didn't say anything else because we feared that our food would get spit on.The entrees come and we all look at each other not know what to expect and hoping to be pleasantly surprised. Sadly, that was not the case. We ordered the following: Veal Milanese, Prosciutto Pizza, Pasta with chicken and NY steak with a peppercorn brandy cream sauce.*sigh*The veal was crusted with  panko bread crumbs but it was so dry, cutting it was next to impossible.  Presentation wise, the pasta was a big mess but it was edible. The pizza was nice and crispy with a generous amount of prosciutto and an even more generous amount of arugula. Upon first impression, the steak looked good. However, when trying to cut it, it disappointed. I say "trying" because it was so tough, I had to struggle with it. It was then that I realized I was using a butter knife so I asked for a steak knife. I thought that would solve the cutting issue but again, that was not the case. I could not cut a piece for the life of me. I was arm wrestling it, no joke. The manager happened to stop by as I am doing that and asks how our food was. (I assume he heard about the tuna tartare) I tell him my steak is so tough I can't even cut it with the steak knife. So he asks if he can try to cut me a piece. Even HE struggled with it but played it off like I wasn't cutting it right. He then has the nerve to ask me what was wrong with. Really? He suggest maybe cooking it a little bit more (it was med-rare) and I tell him that that's not the problem. The problem was the big tendon-nerve running through the whole meat. I tell him that I don't want it and do not want anything else in its place. Boy was he mad! He took it and said nothing.Not once, did he apologize or even PRETEND to feel bad for our experience. Quite frankly, we felt that we were the inconvenience and not the other way around. To be honest, we felt a bit disrespected for having spoken up. With so many restaurants and so many choices, one would think that they would go out of their way to make our dining experience a pleasant one. Our waiter never came back, that's how bad it was.I hope that although a bit long, my review helps you in deciding whether to patronize this restaurant.
Great pizza. Also had the garlic knots which were also good. Beer was cold. Service was good. I can't speak about the prices because my sister's new boyfriend picked up the tab...Score!!!
Ronald from Elite pro is the best!!!!! Very knowledgeable, very professional ! He fixed my Viking range hood and oven in a timely fashion and fixed the problems created by another company sent by my home warranty. I will always recommend Ronald if you have any Problems with Viking Appliances and I will always request him to come to fix my appliances. Thank you Ronald!!!
Just learned that the AZ Jazz Festival has been cancelled...  2 weeks before it was to take place. There  is no information about why it was cancelled and no word on refunds.....past pissed!!!!
I have come to this location since I moved to Phoenix in December of 2014. Yesterday was by far my BEST experience with waxing PERIOD! Veronica was helpful, knowledgeable and extremely easy on my sensitive skin. I would recommend any and everyone to schedule your appointments with Veronica. I PROMISE it will be an appointment you won't soon forget!
There aren't many experiences that make me want to take the time to write about. If my exerience is good, I'll return and bring friends. If it is not, I will attempt to resolve it through management. If that doesn't work, I write. I bought a Groupon for my wife for us to enjoy as a couple. We had a FABULOUS time, met new people from different walks of life, and learned how to cook and prepare some new dishes....we were very please with the new experience. We were so pleased, that my wife decided to host a private party, with a few of our friends so they could experience what we did. We chose a night for 15 of our friends, we were the only ones there and we had a smaller party than originally expected. The instructor Sharon was great and our server Karen was fabulous! Are you still waiting for the problem? Here goes: our meal was ceasar salad with home made dressing, pasta made from scratch by us and an Italian Streudel. The Classic Cooking Academy prepared and served roasted chicken breast that was prepared before we even arrived. When dinner was served, the chicken came to us raw, and they took all of our plates back to the kitchen. When they brought the plates back, the pasta was cold and the chicken was, of course, you guessed it.....dry and rubbery. We ALL let the chefs know how disappointed we were that the only thing we did NOT cook was horrible. Sharon was most gracious about it, apologizing for it and assuring us that we would not get sick. At the end of the dinner service Sharon tells us that we still have a $75 balance and my wife asked why. Sharon said that our reservation was for 15 and although we only had 13 show up, they still charges us the full price. So my wife said ok but Sharon immediately said "no, that's ok, don't worry about it, we won't charge you". That made everything ok....until today. My wife got a very nasty, threatening and demeaning phone call from whom we now assume is the office manager. They were going on and on about we owe them money and she has our credit card on file. It is not about the money for us at all....after all, it is only $75 but what about the raw chicken? One of the lessons in the class was about the 5 bacteria found in foods one of which was salmonella, found in undercooked chicken. We will never go there again. We had 2 more groups of 15 waiting to experience the class but we won't go back.
I called at 9:15 pm on a Sunday and told them I wanted carside to go. I was told after ordering my simple meal that I would have to come inside to pick it up! Huh? It's carside to go! The young lady told me that they were unable to come outside after a certain hour. Ummmm, ok.....then after a certain hour you should offer TAKE OUT not curbside to go! Do not go to this Applebee's if you want the convenience that they say they offer!!!!
My wife has spent quite a bit of money at this establishment. She has a 75g  tank and a 92g  bow front that she bought from them. Their knowledge about aquatic life and how to care for your investment is only beat by their customer service. Ted and AJ have come to our home to help my wife set up her tank, and maintain them between cleanings. Since this is a new hobby for my wife, she is still learning the ins and outs of taking care of her tanks. Ted is always in "instructor" mode, teaching her what she needs to know to one day do it all by herself. I would recommend Ocean Floor to anyone who is just starting out with fish and equipment, or for the person who has established tanks and want to replenish their tank family. You will not be disappointed.
i absolutely loved the salon and the experience. the shop owner did my wax job and she was very charismatic and entertaining. i will definitely revisit.
Horrible. I'm gong to write more later because I'm driving but I had to QUICKLY EXPRESS my disdain for this joke of a food establishment.
Waxing is a pleasure that I give to myself and it is something that I enjoy. Waxing the City exceeded my expectations and I will be a regular client. Jessica was not only personable, but she was patient and kind and she made me feel as though we had known each other for a while. Thanks for the GREAT experience!!
This entire store and all of its employees rock! I have been t ok every Buckle store in Phoenix and Memphis, and the customer service can't be beat! From Bryce to Jeff, Jake and Jessica at the Buckle store in Arrowhead Mall, to  all of the other associates that I have encountered, I am thoroughly pleased. My wife Mel S., spends easily up to $3k monthly in Buckle and she has never been happier with any other customer service experience.  Yes the jeans are pricey but WE'LL WORTH IT! !! They are confortable, durable and very pleasing on the eyes!!!
The general manager and the bartender should stop harassing the client on the bar and do there job.
Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. All the staff makes you feel right at home. Bring the whole family.
Excellent service. Best Chinese/Thai restaurant in town. Highly recommended.
Excellent service, van was real clean and well maintained. Tony and staff were great, price was reasonable. Will rent from them again. Highly recommended.
I've been seeing Vanessa for keratin for the past three years and she is by far the most professional and skilled stylist I have ever worked with. I've been doing keratin for years and Vanessa's work is leaps and bounds ahead of the other hair professionals I have worked with in the past. She is incredibly attentive and really works with your personal hair needs. And it lasts - even though I have fairly curly hair naturally I only need to see Vanessa twice a year. If you're looking to get keratin done I highly recommend you see Vanessa.
Awesome restaurant, great sake! Great value for money and the owner is really friendly!  Highly recommend!
Had high hopes; alas dashed by small bathroom, parking fees (!), & poor customer service at the Rum bar, & Carnegie deli. Good room housekeeping, & service at the Still bar, & at check in. Sadly the good doesn't out weigh the disappointments & we won't be back to stay.
They are awesome. If your in the mood for fast food but not that fast food taste then you have to try them out. They give you alot of food and there fries are awesome. Didn't try there shakes but will definitely next time.
So I applied for this card with pretty terrible credit. I got approved for 400, which was awesome to a slightly above minimum wage worker. I made two purchases, with ease, and about two weeks before the due date, I submitted a payment for my bill, as I'd read that it takes a while for it to go through. Five days later I get an online document telling me that the payment has been returned. I go check my bank account, sure enough, it had been. No explanation, nothing. So I submit another payment, not wanting to incur a late payment on my already bad credit.Two days later, I get a physical copy in the mail saying that they couldn't "locate my account". No real explanation into what that meant. Especially since I watched the money leave my account and come bac, with a bank statement of proof, as well. Very odd. I call customer service and get the biggest runaround. Suddenly, I can't access anything. Their website. The app, anything dealing with credit one is inaccessible to me. Yet my fiancee can access those sites just fine.I call back. The second payment has been returned for the same reason and they've closed my account. What in the hell? I get closing it, but to tell me you couldn't find my account when you clearly did and /returned/ the payment?? No, absolutely not buying it. Paid off my balance two days later, and suddenly it's 30 dollars more than I remember, and a 10$ fee on top of that. Whatever, I'll pay it off it gets them off my back and out of my hair.Customer service is atrocious and literally only reads things line for line with no real independent thought. Do not get this credit card. Theft, and lying is a good reason to avoid them. Oh, and this was just the first payment.
Advertised was One 55-minutes holistic therapeutic massage or choice of one pumpkin facial peel.  I bought (3) to accommodate myself and 2 friends traveling to Vegas. Charity the owner cites that she couldn't take all 3 of us unless we paid an additional $45 per person (she'd have to bring in extra help).  She then cited that they can't service a lot of Groupons at the same time cuz they make no money. She then advised that what I bought isn't really a 55 minute massage, but a 35 minute one and if I wanted to "upgrade" to 55 minutes to add the foot massage it would be another $20 extra.  What a rip off and false advertising.
This place is AMAZING! Not only do they have great food but INCREDIBLE customer service! I made a reservation for 11 people and as soon as we walked in we were seated right away, not all of our party came in at the same time but we were still seated. Some places u have to wait until your party arrives. Food came to our table so quick! They were all very attentive, empty plates were taken as soon as it's cleared, they asked if there's anything we would like to order. This is WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE. Very impressed! Scott remembered us from our previous visit and that's very rare. Price is very reasonable. By far the best AYCE Sushi in town! And I'm very impressed with decor, atmosphere, and they played good upbeat music! Very modern!
Food is "ok" this is not "Asian Fusion" as they call it. Very disappointed in service. Very slow! It took an hour for our food to completely come to table. They prioritize take out orders first and to top it off, they're "cash register" wasn't working when we were ready to pay. They even double charged our Credit Card and they were still trying to attempt a third charge! Very ashamed that this is a Filipino Restaurant!! I will never come back to this place and will not recommend to anyone!
This place is the worst.  The only thing that was good about my buying experience was the salesman.  He was polite and very professional.  As for the sales manager. That dude was so rude and condescending that I refused to deal with him, and had to speak directly with the GM.  The finance department is a joke, to worried about trying to be your buddy then doing what needs to be done.  And don't even get me started on the service department. New truck need an alignment. Took over 4 hours, granted 3 of those hours was the service department looking for my keys. Which the tech just decided to stick in his pocket.    If you can avoid this place I highly recommend it. There are better Ford Dealerships in the valley, I would go there. On a side not Peoria Ford and Surprise are one in the same, so be warned.  I'll drive further away for service to another Ford dealership/service center than go back to this goat rope.
My kids have been training with Professor Andrew, Coach Leslie, and the rest of the staff since February of 2017.  The staff is top notch, professional, knowledgeable, and treat everyone with respect regardless of their skill level.  They are always pushing the kids to be the best they can be in Jiu Jitsu, and in life.  Always there to help out and make sure all students are learning and doing what is being taught correctly, and safely.  One of the best decisions my family has made is to let kids become part of the De Boa team.  Can't say enough about how impressed we are with how much my kids have progressed. Always learning and evolving.  We look forward to what's to come with them at De Boa.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend De Boa Jiu Jitsu to anyone.
We were hoping for a better experience this trip and unfortunately no luck. Although the hotel staff was courteous, our room was barely ever cleaned. They made the beds and replaced towels. During our many days trip the carpet was vacuumed twice. Many days the trash was not removed. The table and stove were never wiped down. Several times we had to go to the front desk upon returning in the evening because we had no towels. One time they told us they didn't have very many. We literally had no towels  in our room.  I don't think we will return. It's a shame because it is a great location.
Came here for a late dinner with friends for a girls night out, some of us travelled very far to get here because we had heard good reviews about this place so we were excited. Everything was going well for us in the beginning and throughout the meal (the waiter was really attentive and orders came quickly, food was good, the cheesecake was on the sweet side but everything else was done well). Then of course there was a drunken man standing near our table chatting in a group, having his back to us, and constantly putting his glass of drink on our table as he chatted away. At first we politely reminded him that it wasn't okay to put his drink on our table, and we also had personal belongings near his drink. He took his drink, and commented that it's ridiculous we wouldn't let him do that because it "isnt' our table". We said it certainly was our table, we were having a meal on it...then he turned around and pointed at us while saying "this is the Toronto stupid craziness!" We didn't appreciate that, but wanted to tolerate it a little while longer and since he was visibly drunk, we felt maybe we'll just let it go as long as he doesn't bother us anymore.THEN, things took a turn for the worst. He put his hand on my friend's back, tapping a few times and made some rude comment. Of course, she snapped because this kind of physical contact was not appreciated to say the least. We had to call for the assistance of the restaurant staff. A staff came and tried to tell the group to leave us alone, then we reminded him that we'd rather have the whole group relocated to prevent further incidents. And as the group was leaving, one man from the group was making rude statements like how the drunken man was with his wife (we see no correlation between that and the incident that followed) and "really, really?! You are making us leave???" . So amidst the chaos and anger, the man got a finger from my friend. Then to all of our surprise, we were asked if we got our bills yet and we need to leave the restaurant.By then, it's not like we wanted to stay any longer, but we didn't see why we had to leave and the group that caused all the drama got to stay. When the manager came to speak to us later on, she apologised and said unfortunately there wasn't anything the restaurant could have done. We wanted to say, Yes there are a lot of things you could have done better.  The restaurant's staff should have escorted that drunken man out or at least to a separate area to begin with, before things escalated. I am sure this incident would not have reached to such conclusion if the staff managed to intervene in a more efficient manner. On top of it all, we didn't get any food or drink compensated, we didn't even get to finish the dessert because of the incident. I just feel that even though we will always encounter rude people who pick on others because they feel more superior, we can still try to make things better by removing negative influence as much as possible. Today I saw an uglier side of humanity that I didn't really want to see on a peaceful weekend night in downtown Toronto. Very disappointed. We will never return to this restaurant.
Every time we give this place a chance and come here we are utterly disappointed! The staff is very unprofessional. Train your staff in customer service please! There are MANY restaurants for which to choose in this area so when we choose Wendy's we should get professional, fast service. Not unprofessional, rude, slow service. People value their time and money and this is clearly something Wendy's doesn't value. Feel like a waste of time and money. We will not come here again. Get it together.
I called Cassandra's Alterations and set up an appointment with her for today. Her shop is reminiscent of a chic boutique with exposed brick walls and wood shelving. There are tailor-made suits, dress shirts hanging on the wall. I was warmly greeted by an associate who asked "are you here to see Cassandra?" She came out and I immediately felt comfortable. After the bad experience I had at another shop, I was a little apprehensive to bring in my bridesmaid dress to be altered to fit. I was in and out in 10 minutes or less. Cassandra was able to measure and determine what she could do with the dress, explaining everything to me along the way. Her price was very reasonable too! I would recommend her to anyone. If you want someone whonis professional and inviting, I WOULD definitely say try Cassandra's Alterations. I left there very happy and confident that I will look great as a bridesmaid in my sisters wedding. Thank you again Ms. Cassandra.
I went here today with a simple chiffon bridesmaid dress. The woman behind the counter told me to come back another time. She then proceeds to tell me that she can't give me a quote. She told me to go get the material and cone back, just any excuse not to service me. If I could give this business ZERO stars I would. This is ridiculous. I would NEVER COME BACK HERE AND NEVER WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!! Keep your sanity and go somewhere else.
Overhyped and underwhelming - ok but far from special.Not worth the long, slow moving line. Typical touristy knock off - I'm sure the real Carlo's is much better.
Went there for Valentine's Day  Brunch.The restaurant decor itself and all of the service ware - linens, stemware, plates, etc are GORGEOUS! It must be fun to have a BIG Budget! Photo booth is a fun distraction when waiting for your table - and a smart little marketing tool to boot!Orzo Meatballs were delicious as was the Lemon Pesto Grilled Cheese. The buttermilk gelato with raspberry sandwiched between lemon cookies made for a simply divine dessert! A highlight of our weekend's culinary escapades! I will say, however that the plate could have used a bit of decoration/garnish - maybe a mint leaf or a raspberry drizzle. Just a little extra effort. When it came to service and pacing of our meal, they really came up short. The staff were friendly but scattered. The meatballs seemed to fly out of the kitchen / and everything else after just crawled. We were in vacation mode - and it was still jarringly slow! My coffee - that I ordered once I realized the Prosecco Sangria was just sparkling wine poured over under ripened fruit - no infusion, macerating or flavor imparted by the fruit whatsoever - was Never refilled (despite a very slow meal!) it was overpriced but that kind of comes with the territory. And I know they are going for a minimalist vibe but if you are serving egg dishes, I think you should have salt and pepper on the table. Of course I would go back - because itIs such s well decorated spot - and I love Giada!
Our best meal in Vegas! Went there for Monday morning breakfast before leaving town. We were seated right away, decor is fine, all decked out in French Bistro style. Service was friendly and professional. Corned Beef Hash was spot on. Husband's bacon was cooked as requested and very tasty. Their meat vendor deserves a raise!  Barista was on their game too - vanilla latte was frothy and perfectly flavored. Worth a visit when you're in town - well run and enjoyable.
THIS COMPANY IS THE WORST. I cannot stress how RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL they have been. I purchased two car keys from amazingkeys.com. I was told by my car dealership that they cannot accept them. I called amazingkeys.com to return the keys (which were still in the complete packaging) and was told by Amanda on 3 separate dates that my case would be red flagged to the returns department. I called to speak to a manager and was told by Alison that she would also notify the returns department. No word from anyone. I called and spoke to Joyce, who hung up on me twice. I called back and was told I have the wrong number.I filed a compliant with the better business bureau and I encourage you all to do so as well. This company is a complete rip-off and the epitome of poor customer service. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND JUST GO TO THE DEALERSHIP
Excellent food, good variety, friendly staff, outdoor seating. Chipotle burrito was great.
I love this hotel it brings back so many memories.Now I am continuing the same tradition bringing my son here.We have stayed at all the different towers except the manor.And I can tell you our favorite its the casino tower. This visit we stayed at the14th floor at a mini suite it was just AMAZING. We love going to the adventuredome and the arcade.The only down side I see of this casino is the parking if you leave and try to come back in the night good luck Finding parking.Maybe i would suggest charging for parking if your not staying there I can see alot of locals taking over the parkings.Again its just a suggestion.
I am honestly giving this Buffet a 1 star just because the customer service.It was amazing every staff member working there with a great attitude.Which I honestly give them props cause its soo crazy bussy! Non stop .As far as the food not impressed at all. I was expecting great quality food since the Dinner price was $54.99 per adult.They dont have a big selection at all. And to top it off the whole experience is just waiting from the time you sign in to the time you pay, to the time you wait to be seated.Great were Inside the buffet starving after all that waiting well suprise!!! There is still long wait time at the popular selections Seafood,meat section. Like a previous person wrote its honestly just something to cross off your bucket list. Food is not good at all,Honestly dont know how it is the "Best" buffet.My favorite is still the Rio Buffet.
Very friendly staff!! When getting a pedicure they use the sanitary liners and LE does an AWESOME job!! Kelly is also very good at doing nails. The whole staff is quite talented. I have been going there for almost two years.
California Pools are an EXCELLENT pool builder!!! November 2014 we put in our 3rd pool and backyard with them since our first in 1996!!! We have used them 3 times because they build GORGEOUS pools and backyards!!! They are VERY TALENTED, EFFICIENT AND THEY STAND BEHIND THEIR VERY HIGH END QUILTY WORKMANSHIP!!!! We have had minor cosmetic issues with our pool but MICHELE GARCIA in their Warranty Department is FANTASTIC!!!! She responds IMMEDIATELY to Warranty Requests and gets the guys right out to your house to do whatever has to be done to make your pool/backyard "perfect!!" IT IS SO REFRESHING to work with such a FRIENDLY, PROFESSIONAL AND VERY EFFICIENT person when you need a warranty issue taken care of!!! We can NOT say enough GREAT things about CA POOLS...from the initial meeting with TIM who designed our pool to Laurie who helped us pick out everything to Michele Garcia who has addressed any warranty requests we have emailed to her VERY PROMPTLY AND WITH SUCH CARING!!!
The Oasis was a very nice spot for us as locals, we were able to get the room at a decent price for two days. The pool was very nice (though there is only one spot in which the times are posted and it's very small and hard to see) the bar was very nice.and eventful, many games and drinks to choose from. My two only problems that I ran into is that when my sister and I were in the pool area (I'd say around 10pm) one of the staff members came barging in and told us that we can't be in there after 9, which wasn't an issue, until we went in to the bar, we were planning to get a bite to eat and this guy was demanding to see our IDs, as if we could book the room without one, like we would bring our IDs to the pool??? Anyway we went back to our room and enjoyed our own beverages. That situation really put a bad taste in our mouths. Also this place was riddled with small roaches, as a Las Vegas local, it's something that I'm used to, but as a hotel that speaks highly of themselves I HIGHLY recommend that they have the place exterminated, we had to keep our luggage off the floor because of how many there was. Overall I give them a 3/5
Very lovely decor! The service from Hari's  was simply superb and completely professional! He's handsome too! The food was amazing, I definitely rate it 5 stars!
Dependable, Quality Service that will go the EXTRA mile to get it done!Kathy Archambault at the Kierland office is the BEST, and I appreciate all that she does to make any closing experience less stressful.
It is very hard to please people who love traditional French style cuisines with other country cuisine. Estiatorio Milos could help you if you have that kind of dilemma. If you or/and your friend(s) like seafood and want to experience luxury dining, Milos offers various choices of seafood. Fresh fishes are just flown from Mediterranean and North-American sea. Be sure to take the tour to select your own fish(s). Each fish you selected will give you the amazing and unique taste that Milos can offer. * Service: Excellent (a bit slow for who has not been experienced European dinning) * Price: Pricy as all high-end restaurants would (be sure to ask price prior to complete your order if you are in doubt or want to stay in your budget) * Atmosphere: Excellent * Food Quality: Superb and great wine selections as well. * Parking: Valet parking is available or parking nearby the street (Metro is nearby and you can use public transportation if possible) * Avoid factor: Do not order too many dishes which one fish may be more than enough for two people and you still can have the great dining experience at Milos. If you want to dine there for once in a lifetime deal, you may not want to order expensive wine (either a glass or a bottle) along with your main dish. You can always taste wine separately elsewhere (remember you go there to try their awesome food). * Recommendation: Try their awesome "Grilled Vegetables".
The Buffet is in Wynn Hotel offers various dishes that customers from all around world could enjoy the fine dining experience. Particularly line of menu are long and well presented. If you like pasta, seafood, steak, or vegetarian dishes, you name it the buffet have the exact one or similar kind. Even though the buffet offers long line of attractive dishes, some of them are not cooked well nor have the great taste like other high-end restaurants would offer in that price range. Servers who serve drinks are well mannered and very friendly: however I found out that servers (or they might call themselves as cook or chef) behind the food table area serve steak or refill foods might be busy talking to themselves and less responsive to customers' request (visited three times and observed three times). Such a restaurant in one of the best hotels in Las Vegas, I would expect the better service or, at least, have the professionalism from cooks and chefs behind of the food table area. * Service: Below average (compare to other high-end buffet or local restaurants in Las Vegas hotels) * Price: Pricy as all high-end restaurants would (you may find discount coupons from local discount shops) * Atmosphere: Excellent (very nice and well presented) * Food Quality: Slightly below average for seafood (remember you are in desert area not by ocean side) and great for dessert (wide range of dessert). * Parking: Valet parking is available or self-parking in Wynn hotel garage (free of charge for self-parking)* Avoid factor: Make sure to leave some room for dessert. Be patient with cooks and chefs behind of the food table if they are busy talking to each other. Particularly, steak and meats area, Cooks/chefs may not responsive well nor friendly. * Recommendation: Try their dessert (better than advertised seafood - in my opinion their seafood are overrated).
This is an interesting place where this establishment is not located in the main road in Little Italy. Ambient of the restaurant was great and their dishes were great (but a bit salty side - as I was once a chef in a small Italian restaurant before).I like the half open kitchen where I can see chefs are cooking very hard and I can smell food (can be bad for some people). Their bread is a bit harder side (but they were free). I did not order desert but according to my co-worker (from Europe), it was very good and delicious. This restaurant seems to be not well sound-proof. Once this restaurant was occupied by many customers, noisy level is a bit higher than I would like. In any case, this might be a good place for dating and fine Italian dining.* Price: a bit pricy as all good restaurants would* Atmosphere: Good (but their chairs are not that comfortable)* Food Quality: A bit salty side but have great taste. They also have great wine selection but some of them are sold by bottle only* Parking: Street parking (public metered parking) only* Avoid factor: They tend to get busy in the evenings and weekends, be sure to make a reservation prior to visit* Recommendation: Try their awesome desserts
This is a famous place for locals and visitors to greater Phoenix area. There are three locations to choose from (although one of them is in Tucson). One of them I visited, I love the atmosphere of restaurant and it's friendly staff. However, I was not impressed with a greeter (person who allocates a table for you).If you like thin crust and wood-fired pizzas, perhaps, this is one of "THE" places in the states. One of their signature pizzas is "Rosa" which has Pistachios (unusual but great!). * Service: Average (you might experience slow service during busy time)* Price: reasonable - Even though this is a famous place and has long wait time during busy hours and weekends, they offer reasonable price for their menu* Atmosphere: Average (dark and noise and some people may or may not like)* Food Quality: For the price and service, it is good and delicious!* Parking: The location that I visited has plenty of parking lot but the original location has limited parking lot (both of them are free of charge)* Recommendation: Of course, their pizzas
This is a new restaurant with upscale interior. Plenty of seats inside.I ordered about 6 different dishes to try out (and free side dishes).They are sweeter side and dishes come quickly. One thing that I noticed is their service and price. Again this is a new restaurant where their service staffs still need to get trained (some of them are new). They are friendly though.Price of dishes that I ordered (BBQ for 5 to 6 people, seafood pancake and more) are pricier and small quantity (particularly BBQ). There are other Korean restaurants who provide similar or better taste of authentic Korean dishes with a reasonable price in Phoenix and Mesa area. It happened to my friend who took her friends to this restaurant and got surprised by the price. Parking: Free and plenty of spacesService: Friendly but need to improvePrice: High for what they provide compare other Korean restaurants in this areaRecommendation: Try Jjangbong (Spicy seafood noodle soup)
Took my car in a week ago to get their "supreme oil change", which included a tire rotation and balancing. After coming back to pick up my car they told me I needed new struts and new tires. Since I have my own car guy I know and trust, I told them I only wanted what was included in the "Supreme oil change". They went to total me up and, thankfully, I asked which tire was most out of balance and what they set the weights to. They gave a vague answer, so I told them to show me. Turns out that they neither balanced nor rotated my tires, but were happily going to charge me for the service if I hadn't been knowledgable about cars and asked. I then requested that they actually balance my tires, which they refused to do. Finally, I told them that I was only going to pay for the oil change and left. The story doesn't end here. I come to find out a few days later that I had an oil leak that never before existed. I called Meineke and they said that I should bring it back to be diagnosed. I told them I wanted another shop to diagnose and if they were at fault to reimburse me for at least the oil change I paid for. They said they could only honor reimbursement if I brought it back to them. Not gonna happen. Not after they caused the problem in the first place and were trying to get me for $750 more for other parts and labor. So I took the car to my car guy who diagnosed the issue as being the mechanic at meineke's fault for overtightening the drain plug so that it warped the crush washer and made the drain plug unusable. Fortunately, the cost of new oil, new drain plug, washer, and my own labor wasn't too complicated or expensive, but after wasting my time and money with these guys I'll never spend another dollar at this Meineke or any other. I'm done with shoddy workmanship and shady practices.
Probly one of the best burgers I've had!! I got the double smoked bacon burger n it was delicious! I would have to say between here n gordon ramsay burgr i would say here! Great American Burger! The price is fairly decent! Good choices in all the beers they carry also! Would definitely be coming back!
Yeah, Bobbee No's. Came in on a Sunday with the kids. Only people in there. Ordered some wings and chicken. 15 people came-all have been fed before us. We have 3 entrees...30 min and still nothing. You get a sorry...no, just sorry the wings take 15 minutes to fry. I don't care what this food tastes like. Now 33 minutes later and they brought out the food-its now to go order. Not a sorry, refund or nothing. Helluva first impression...I'm so angry I just gave them $40.
Excellent! We chowed on everything. Pork belly-delicious! Beef Rib-heavenly, Kim chi Mac n cheese-out of this world, wings were orgasmic. Bottom line go! You won't be disappointed. Staff was the best! 1 flaw was the specialty drinks, a little pricey and so so. Still this place gets a 4.9999 out of 5. I can't wait to go back!!
This place is a diamond in the rough. Pulling into the strip mall I wasn't sure what to expect. The restaurant is small but very clean. We were seated and waited on by an extremely friendly member of the waitstaff. My wife and I were floored by all the specialty rolls and ordered 5 different ones. (Omg, rainbow, rock n roll, brown dragon and Golden girl). It took around an hour to get our food which trust me was worth the wait. The care and meticulous craftsmanship of sushi was amazing and utterly delicious. We fell in love!! Five stars is not enough. 10 stars fit this place. It was our first time and it will not be our last. Thank you Sushi Queen!!
We got our drinks in a reasonable amount of time but we waited a while to order and then over 45 minutes to get our food.  The food was good but our orders weren't quite right- no side of fries, no salad dressing, way overcooked burger.  Nobody came to check to see if our food was ok and our waitress didn't refill our waters or ask if we wanted another glass of wine. We wanted dessert but after being there for 2 hours we decided it was time to give up.  I was told it was just a short staffed night (a Wednesday) but with shows at the benedum and the public, why??  I don't see this place being able to survive without some major changes.
I have had my nails done in various salons in several cities and states and this is by far the best my nails have ever looked.  Thank you Sau!
Like so many others on here, I wish I would have read the reviews on this website before contacting Kings Appliance.  They were a referral from Econ Appliance Sales, but I have never dealt with such atrocious customer service!  Based on the majority of their reviews, they obviously don't give a hoot!  Without going into all the sordid details, my advice would be to RUN PEOPLE, RUN!  Find someone else to do you appliance repairs!
First time at the Washington Ave location....bottom line...for the cost,  you can do better elsewhere.  Just don't like having to pay for chips and salsa....and theirs are not that outstanding to warrant the charge. Other "extras" also make the dining experience less enjoyable.  Outdoor patio overlooking parking lot is large, indoor bar area is very NICE with some table for eating in that space.  Main dining area is NOISEY....I would NOT go here if you wish to have a nice dinner conversation.  They need some window coverings/ acoustic tiles/ etc to absorb some noise.  Overall won't  make it a destination for dinner with friends.
Love their desserts! Nice and fancy, but not too over the top. I bought a bunch of different things for a dinner party and they were a hit.
Great pizza options (create your own, $11.86 no matter what toppings you choose) with beer & wine on tap. Great addition to King East! The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the bathrooms were pretty dirty and my chair at the table still had crumbs on it.
The Prixe Fixe is a great deal for excellent food! In my opinion the pizza is better than Pizzeria Libretto's and has a nicer laid back atmosphere.
Step in and feel like you're transported to Italy! Great espresso and you can even grab some beer too :)
I had pretty low expectations for this place given the previous Yelp reviews, but just wanted to give it a shot. As everyone has said, the dishes are WAY overpriced for the amount of food you get. The $18 paella was laughable. It had one mussel in it and the paella itself took up only a quarter of the plate. The ambiance is nice, but there was a random DJ in the corner and I'm pretty sure they played Miley Cyrus-Wrecking Ball at least twice, maybe thrice. Just an odd contrast to the restaurant itself. The bill came to $200 for 4 of us and we left hungry :(
Went on a Friday night- the place got packed by 8:30, but the flow of people in and out and how big the venue is made it manageable. Excellent vibe- fun/country/casual. A very interesting mix of clientele made for some great people watching. We sat at the bar to begin with a few drinks (the Texas lemonade- very sugary but that was expected) and the fried pickles (delicious).  Once our table was ready we were seated at a huge comfy booth near the back. Live music started at 10 and the band was pretty good (mostly country cover songs).  Got the lobster po' boy- the bun was just way too huge and there was barely any lobster, but tasty otherwise. Their southern/Canadian themed cocktails were all good. I'd say my only problem with this place was that the music was beyond loud (maybe they just have to figure out their audio settings...at points you couldn't even here the person next to you if they were shouting in your ear) and the service was super frazzled, but I'd say that comes with any new place, especially for as crowded as it was.
Sat in the outdoor patio and loved it. The ambiance and decor is awesome. Hubs and I just ordered a bunch of random appetizers (I love seafood so we focused on the fish dishes) and we weren't disappointed. Also, the tequilla mojito was delicious!
I've been here 3 times now (and I don't typically like going to the same bar twice since there are so many here...) and I've had a great experience every time. I love the underground ambiance, the service is always stellar and the drinks are to die for. The only reason I didn't give it the 5th star is because of the decor. I love the leather chairs, the old couches etc, but they don't fully carry through the old timey bootlegger feel in an authentic way that I wish they would.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Really fresh, healthy and tasty ingredients.  Comfortable seating arrangements and friendly & attentive staff. Bright, large, open venue with a fun health and fitness theme.
While the restaurant has a nice ambiance, the service was absolutely terrible. Our waiter was rude and we had to wait long for even water to be brought to the table. We also had to wait for our payment to be processed while our waiter basically ignored our table and instead bussed and set up other tables. While we love the Distillery District, this just was a major down point.
The coffee is STRONG! As it should be. The bakery items are also really tasty--even the vegan ones ;)
Excellent and fresh dishes! Highly recommend the Distillery Roll.  The Asahi beer was also very good- nice and light to pair with the sushi.  Attentive staff and nice relaxed atmosphere.
Amazing 2nd floor patio. Nice and quiet/secluded and decent service. There are huuuuge TVs inside so great for watching the games.
Great little diner with good food and a friendly staff! Got the vegetarian omelette off the Specials menu and it was excellent. Hubs got the chorizo frittata and also enjoyed it.
Mmmmm Pumpkin Beer! Always a fun vibe at this place. Not the veg-friendliest menu, but pretty common pub-fare.
Went today for brunch after getting sick of waiting in line in the rain at Lady Marmalade. Now I know why there wasn't a wait at this place....the service is terrible and the menu is super limited. I ordered a coffee and my husband ordered a latte. While the coffee came right away (small cup, didn't taste very good) the latte took a good 15 minutes of us just sitting at the table trying to focus on something else other than how hungry we were.   Finally the latte came and we put in our orders. We then had to wait a good 20-30 minutes for our meals to come out. The food was pretty underwhelming and the potato/fries were the only decent part. I had the Norwegian Benedict and my husband had the Breakfast on a sandwich. We both actually felt sick after the meal...I think the eggs may have been bad or something...not sure. Definitely never going back to this place.
Best sandwiches in the business! The cookies are really good too. Great place, especially on a sunny day when you can sit at their bistro tables.
Great little bar/resto. Nice and relaxed with good food and a good beer selection. Attentive service and relatively quiet ambiance.
Such a cool ambiance at the lounge/bar. Felt like I was back in London! Great drinks and excellent food, especially the dessert options!
Came here because we had a promo deal. The outside and interior are nothing special but the food is AMAZING. Major compliments to the chef. I'd highly recommend if you're ever in the Yonge/St.Clair area and looking for a great meal.
I was pretty psyched about the first Nando's in downtown Toronto. I used to love this place as a late night fast food option during the years I lived in Nairobi, Kenya. It was cheap, open and pretty decent for post-bar food.Not so fast. This place is trying to be more of a sit-down restaurant with table service. It's not really quite there, however. When I arrived (party of one) I was told to pick up a menu and order from the till, which is pretty awkward. My waiter wouldn't seat me, but kind of rudely gestured to a table across the room.I ordered my meal with some suggestions from the friendly girl at the till. 1/4 chicken (leg & thigh) plus 2 sides (peri-peri fries & casa salad) and a soft drink. The total came to something over $16 + tip. So yeah, we're already way out of the league of most fast-food places.Having paid, I trudged over and picked up some hot sauce and napkins from a huge shelf at the back. My food arrived pretty quickly, but I realized I would need to go back to the shelf for cutlery. Another trip was required when I realized the "casa salad" was undressed. What a pain. The chicken leg was good, but small. The fries were limp and lukewarm. They seem to have run out of fries too, as a few small wedges were thrown in to fill it out. The salad, in addition to being undressed was as basic as salads come. It was served in a tiny bowl, which meant it was impossible to dress properly, or eat without dropping cucumbers or lettuce leaves. The waiter popped by once for a cursory "how's everything" to which I lied, "fine."Overall this place is a kind of ethnic-theme-park-pseudo-fast-food restaurant with half-decent chicken at inflated prices. I won't be back anytime soon. Shame. They should have stuck with the fast-food philosophy instead of this half-way bucket of mediocre.
Barrio Correano offers a fresh take on the Korean-Mexican mash-up that has been happening south of the border for some time. A fun atmosphere, funky decor, uber-friendly staff and good cocktails help it all go down. Correano has no printed menus. Instead diners have to crane their necks to look at several wall-mounted chalkboards. Luckily on my visit with my partner, our bubbly waitress was there to explain every item on the menu for us.The server took pains to explain that it was a "sharing" menu, which is funny given how common these places have become. I suppose some diners still expect a big plate with steak, a baked potato and salad for themselves!The menu favours the Mexican end of the Korean-Mexican fusion spectrum, so we started with an excellent guacamole and home-made tortilla chips, that were just greasy enough. Definitely no Baked Lays going on here.I had a Hemingway cocktail with Mount Gay rum and grapefruit, among other things. It was refreshing, not too sweet, and a nice start to the meal.Most of our meal came from the tacos selection, including a delicious chorizo verde, and a batter-fried shrimp one, that was spicy and very filling. The more Korean-inspired chicken kampungki was similar to General Tso battered chicken on wasabi mayo in a blue corn soft taco -- good components alone, but they didn't mesh that well in this case.We also shared the portobello fajitas which combined meaty mushrooms and fajita veggies on a hot platter with soft corn tacos, and more of the awesome guac and house-made pico de gallo salsa. The fajitas were not as special as some of the other tacos, but were a good choice to share, and also for the veg-minded.The food is deceptively filling. After sharing the guac & chips, the three tacos and fajitas, neither of us had any room for dessert. It's too bad as I love a good tres leches cake, but that will have to wait until next time.
I hate writing a review not based mainly on a restaurant's food or ambiance, but I had a very unpleasant experience here and it was mostly related to their confusing multiple menus, and especially the rude and disrespectful way the manager dealt with us.But first the food:The dishes my girlfriend and I ordered were acceptable, but nothing more. Curry singapore noodles were greasy and overly salty. Red thai curry with chicken was tasty, but also too salty and the coconut rice (advertised as jasmine) was overcooked and mushy.The ginger honey iced tea was tasty if expensive at $4. Our appetizer of vietnamese veggie spring rolls was flavourful but greasy. It had taro in it,  which has a mealy texture that for me wasn't working in the spring roll context.The decor has been accurately describe by others here. It's white, and clean with some modern and classy touches. However the settings aren't complimented by either the middling greasy noodle stall food or the cheesy instrumental disco playing over the hifi. These are but trifling issues. The real problem with this restaurant relates to their confusing and misleading menu system. We walked in based on the lunch menu pasted in the front window. It showed most of the dishes such as the curries and singapore noodles for around eight dollars. When we sat down we were given a small menu with no prices. We found the dishes we wanted and asked the waiter. He explained that we had the "all you can taste" menu, which is a fixed $18 for as many small dishes as you want. Seeing it was lunch, and we were looking for a reasonable meal (not $18 each) I asked if we could have the same dishes of the lunch menu. He said that would be fine.The food arrived fairly quickly and the portions were quite large. I didn't think about it again until the bill arrived and the prices were much higher than on the menu we'd seen in the doorway. We ended up with a $40 bill. At least $10 more then I would have thought.When I inquired with the manager on the floor why there was this discrepancy, she said that we'd ordered from the "all day menu." I asked why the menu on the door was so much less and she said that was because it was the "combo" menu, which includes a drink but smaller portions. That was what I saw advertised as the lunch menu, and seeing as we got there about 1:30-1:45 that would be what I would expect to be ordering from.The hitch came when we were given the "tasting menu" then asked the waiter for the same dishes a la carte, and he took the liberty of ordering us the most expensive, "all day menu" versions. So to wit, the restaurant has three menus (at least, who knows if they have more) and no one explains this to the diner -- at least not in our case.The manager was defensive and rude off the bat. She said "we've been doing this 20 years, and it works for everyone." Thereby denying that there could be any confusion or onus on the restaurant to be clear about the different menus and pricing options. When I said the waiter could have explained this the manager responded that they "can't read people's minds."She was utterly unapologetic, and knee-jerk dismissive. It's the type of response I expect from someone engaging in what I see as purposefully misleading pricing. I would have forgiven the waiter for not explaining everything, if they had been a little bit accommodating and understanding, or maybe acknowledged that things could have been clearer. Instead I was made to feel like I was remiss in not understanding their byzantine menu system. Well good job Riz. You have mislead me right out of your restaurant, and I won't be back.
This place was an average shawarma joint with no character and little authenticity. They didn't even have the usual variety of middle eastern pickles and salads I expect from a shawarma place. Maybe this is due to their focus on pizza. I didn't get an chance to try the pizza. It looked alright, but nothing different from the average by the slice places all over Toronto.The shawarma was ok. They offer just chicken, no lamb or beef or falafel to be seen. I was a bit surprised when the woman threw a bunch of pineapple in mine. Seemed like they just use the same toppings for pizza and shawarma -- not the same cuisine folks! They put jalapeos in instead of the more middle eastern style peppers I think go better with the food. Odd choices.I am pretty baffled by all the five star reviews here. Folks seem amazed by the cleanliness. It seemed clean enough, but I don't give out stars for basic hygiene! Yes it is cheap. Definitely. I had two shawarmas and two cans of pop for $9.99.If you're looking for cheap pizza maybe this spot is a good option. For shawarma I would give it a miss. Just down the block is a more popular and more authentic shawarma and falafel place called Empire. Check it out.
On a stormy, humid night in Leslieville, my partner and I stumbled upon this welcoming looking restaurant with the rooster out front, and it turned out quite well.Though the category on Yelp is listed as French, I would say the food is much closer to Italian if you had to pick a cuisine.Right off the hop the service was questionable. Benefit of the doubt moment: it was after 8 pm on a Sunday -- which in Toronto means you're lucky if anything half-decent is open at all -- and the place seemed  understaffed. Still, having to stand awkwardly for 10-15 min in the non-foyer, while  waiters whisked by us was not too pleasant.And once we had a table, service continued to be spotty. Our waiter was friendly and self-effacing, calling us his "little neglected table." This was not inaccurate as even getting our initially requested waters (it was sweaty out!) took nearly 10 minutes, and later he left us with dessert menus for 20 minutes before coming back to see what we wanted, our appetites for anything sweet having seriously waned.Food-wise though, things were great. We weren't terribly hungry, and so avoided the table d'hote fixed price menu going with the "shared food" section on the left column of the menu. It's a limited selection here, and we ordered about half of the available items, and were not disappointed. Rich white polenta, brought out on a wooden cutting board was accompanied by an aproned chef who ladled a "sugo" of veal, zucchini and fresh basil on top. It was heart-warming, subtle and delicious, as well as a generous portion for two to share.Alongside the polenta we had two smallish ramekins. One contained "sauce & balls" a cheekily named but very tasty take on classic meatballs in tomato sauce. The other had what was possibly my favourite dish of the night, a simple roasted beet preparation with blue cheese. The multicoloured heirloom beets were "al dente" but tender and went amazingly well with the semi-melted cheese.Wines were great as well. My glass of Rollegrosse red ($11) was smooth beyond even the menu description, and my companion's "Anna 6" white was very dry and very refreshing. In addition to the service problems, my one other issue was the post-prandial whiskey, a single malt ($13) that came in a far-too large glass (we were informed the kitchen was "out" of snifters...) and which I found harsh and not to my liking. But that could be a matter of taste.Total cost of meal for two: $77 + tip.This would increase to over $100 easily if you go with the $30 table d'hote option + drinks.I would happily give this place another shot, hopefully on day where service was at full steam. Until then I can't give it more than three stars out of five.
So I recently moved to the Danforth area. No, not the trendoid, yoga-mat-toting, Big Carrot-shopping organo-mom zone between Broadview and Chester.  And not the Souvlaki-til-you-drop zone of packed (yet mediocre) Hellenic spots between Chester and Pape either. Nope, this is the Danforth at Jones avenue, east of all that claptrap. It is a slightly dumpy part of the street that's home to a melange of Greek, Ethiopian and Indo-muslim shops, restaurants, and even a large mosque. It's charm is in its diversity, and in the low key surprises you stumble upon . . .such as the Only Cafe!You enter to a dark but personality-filled room (actually two if you include the 'One in the Only' cafe next door) jammed with rickety tables, mismatched mugs and cutlery and a whole mess of prints on nearly every square inch of wall. There is no separate kitchen, just a high bar behind which the staff cook simple breakfast and lunch fare, around the two giant coolers with a better bottled beer selection than you'd find at most LCBOs.The staff are friendly, and include a fiesty 4'11'' white-haired firebrand, who dances to the 60s soul tunes they pump out there, when she thinks she's hidden behind the counter.The clientele is always interesting, and includes a good number of what I would describe as "working class boys" from the neighbourhood. Mostly white and ball-capped, they are loud and sometimes drunk at suspiciously early times. But they are harmless and give the place a bit of down to earthiness missing from so many hipster and artist infected joints in this town.Having only sampled the breakfast I will speak on its behalf: It's damn good! Nothing fancy here (despite references on the Only's outdated website menu to stuffed banana-bread French toast, such an item does not exist) but good, ample without being ridiculous, servings of classics done well. Belgian waffles are that perfect blend of fluffy and crisp, sprinkled with powdered sugar and surved with a mound of actually quality fruit (kiwi, berries, honeydew among them). The fact that they're made in an antique looking all-cast iron waffle press balanced precariously on the edge of the bar adds to the allure. Thumbs up!French toast, served with the same fruit as the waffles, includes four wedges of melt-in-you-mouth eggy bread, without the metallic taste that sometimes clings to lesser attempts. The sausage it came with was ordinary but plump and good. Extra points for syrup served in an old pop-top Grolsch beer bottle.Breakfast burrito (elsewhere panned on this page) was the least impressive of the item I've tried. The burrito is actually not really the focus of the plate, taking up a scant one quarter of the plate. It was tasty though with the spinach and scrambled eggs inside a different experience. And it comes with a big side of tortilla chips, bean dip and a salsa that I thought was quite passable. Other dishes such as Cowboy and Cowgirl breakfasts are variations on the two eggs, toast, ham or sausage and homefries. I have only eaten this of others plates (I'm terrible at saying no!) but have witnessed properly prepared eggs, and good, well-seasoned and slightly charred homefries. None of that bag to deep fryer crap some places get away with.Oh how could I forget -- the coffee is good too. The shop next door uses Mercury Coffee beans, and I think the same are used at the Only.All adds up to a pretty decent place to recover on a Saturday or Sunday morning.
First let me express my surprise with the otherwise glowing reviews of this Yorkville disappointment.  I have to disagree, but first some disclaimers.1) My review is based on my first and only time eating here.2) I only had a light meal and was in a bit of a rush.3) I spent a couple of years in Japan, and may have 'unrealistic' expectations for this type of cuisine...Disclaimers aside, the restaurant was woefully understaffed on a Wednesday evening just after 8 p.m. You would think two waitresses would be enough for this smallish room, but my girlfriend waited five minutes at the door to even get seated, and we both waited longer to get a drink order in.The waitress was smiley, and her kimono was cute enough, but maybe it was what was slowing her down? She also brought one tea, when two were ordered, and I had to call her back on behalf of a neighbouring table who were having no luck doing it themselves.Poor service can almost always be overcome by good eats, but alas, it was not to be. The sushi combo "B" was a tray with six california rolls and about six or seven nigiri. The rolls were poorly made -- actually the worst I've seen in a restaurant. The maki were loose, and the rice seemed dry, which made them crumble in my chopsticks. They were also sliced sloppily, with long odds and ends of avocado and cucumber sticking out.The nigiri were a mixed bag. The hamachi was buttery and tasty, but the hokkigai (surf-clam) was rubbery and the salmon was listless. This was also the first time I have been given a clump of rice with an entire piece of faux-crab on it as a nigiri. I didn't even eat that one.Perhaps worse than the sushi was the "fried tofu" which I took to be an attempt at agedashi tofu. Maybe I shouldn't compare it to that dish, since the name was different, but it looked similar. Well, similar enough. The small triangular tofu pieces were swimming in a soupy sauce -- way more than you would normally get in agedashi. And when I tucked in I found the soup to be very sour, almost just like vinegar. The tofu itself also had a slightly sour taste.Miso soup was nothing special, but OK. The little run-of-the-mill salad that came with the sushi set might have been the best part of the meal, as it had a half-decent ginger dressing.After all that the price was a shocker too. For one person The bill was nearly $30, including one bottle of Sapporo. Ouchie.True, there were signed photos of stars like Richard Gere, Lucy Liu and Michael Ignatieff (does he qualify?). But after eating here, I think this restaurant trades much more on it's location than it does on the quality of the dining experience.Cheap but acceptable sushi is kind of a Toronto staple these days. Unfortunately, on the night I ate here, Shogun had neither.
Fair to poor. Main thing going for it is convenience and 24-hour opening time. I have consistently bought rotten, past-their-date dairy products here (I know, I know, check the date, but sometimes you forget!). Things are expensive, and their "sales" are often hilarious (Regular $4.99 on sale for $4.79!!!!).I find the staff alternately "folksy" and chatty, and rude and sullen. Never straight up professional or just plain friendly. Decent selection for a smallish store, but don't expect to find much in the way of gourmet/ethnic foods here.It's crowded and elbow-to-elbow most of the time. People with shopping carts basically block the entire aisle. Glad it's here, wish it were better.
I just moved back to Toronto, and into the Annex area. As happens, after a number of weeks I needed a good shearing. Unfortunately as with many basic services, the salon selection in the actual "Annex" area between Bloor and Spadina is a bit of a shit-show, so I headed a few blocks over to Koreatown to see what I could see. Having lived in Japan, I have a probably unfair belief that Japanese hairdressers shoot well above average in skills and professionalism. Interestingly, I'm not the only one, because Maya is just one of the salons in this area that advertises its "Japanese hairdressers" on the door.The place is actually Korean-owned (of course) but inside I was handed a juice-box by a lovely, polite girl named Kumiko, who said she came from near Hiroshima. Kumiko explained most of the hairdressers at Maya are indeed Japanese, except for two who are Korean. I suppose having some Korean speakers is a smart move for the area.My haridresser was uber-friendly, and spoke to me in a mixture of Japanese and English throughout. My Japanese is rusty as hell, but she was very forgiving.The cut and conversation took about 20 minutes altogether. Kumiko washed my hair only after the cut -- which I found unusual -- but I seem to recall in Japan they tend to cut hair dry. It's also nice, as it gets rid of those pesky hair bits, that often wind up all over you after a haircut. The cut itself was not spectacular. But well-executed, clean and not bad in any way. I didn't give Kumiko much guidance, so in situations like this I'm usually not too hard on the hairdresser. In the end my cut cost $17 all-in, which is an excellent price for a men's haircut in this town. I'll definitely be back again.
Kenzo, Kenzo, Kenzo... was so hyped for this place after reading the buzzy article in NOW (should really know better by now, but I digress) a month or so ago.Good ramen. Proper ramen. Ramen for those who know it is so much more than Mr Noodle freeze-dried crap. This has been missing from the Toronto restaurant world and I entertained a bit of hope that the drought had come to an end. Not so fast. After two visits to the recently opened Bathurst location my thirst for real ramen remains unfulfilled, and amazingly it's not because of the ramen itself, but the horrible service and atmosphere of the place. Anyone who has dined in Japan knows that good service, presentation and cleanliness are just as important as the dish that's placed in front of you.Despite the Japonaiserie of the interior decor, and the menu, the Korean ownership of the restaurant is missing the boat. Misspellings abound in the written menu. "Satporo" ramen? really? With Korean info coming before English or Japanese on all items. These are forgiveable sins. Less forgiveable is the service. It's been mentioned before. On my first visit it was neglectful but basically acceptable, at my table near the front windows. My second visit fixed that. It was horrible. My companion had to ask three times for a simple water to be brought to our table; a loud cellphone kept ringing three inches behind my head, at the cash register, and the waitress refused to turn it off. The same waitress had no idea what I was talking about when I ordered an Asahi repeatedly. The slightly more competent waiter had to come and explain. I mean they have THREE BEERS ON THE MENU for goodness sake. The coup de grace came when a nearby table hadn't received an order of gyoza 20 minutes after ordering, and asked them to forget it and just forget the bill. The staff argued with him, saying it was on the way, when clearly the order had not been passed to the kitchen yet. This debacle resulted in the head chef/owner man coming out and berating his wait staff noisily inKorean, in the middle of three tables of diners for at least five minutes.Sure the waiters were at fault, but in the midst of this, the man who wanted to just get out of there without his late gyoza was ignored, forced to wait AND subjected to a tirade. What fun.That reminds me... food! Yeah, there was some of that. It was not bad either, but after the ridiculously poor service and ambience I can barely remember.
I've always been curious about this quaint lil' eatery in Leslieville. After all, it gets some props as being apparently one of the first places to spring up in gentrification of the once rough n' tumble strip of Queen East.I'd planned on doing brunch at some point but wound up there for a quiet pre-Valentine's dinner instead.Here's how it went down.First the positive: the decor is kitschy but charming. Collections of antique toasters are everywhere, and tables look like something out of a vintage 1960s Better Homes & Gardens kitchen edition. The lighting was right, and the music was varied and properly low for dining.The service started out on the right foot: the waitess was friendly and chatty. It wasn't hard seeing as we were the first (and almost only) table that Saturday night. But it went downhill from there. I guess the lack of clients gave the waitress an excuse to hang out in the kitchen, busily text messaging and largely ignoring her only paying customers. When she did take orders she would walk away mid-sentence, not giving us time to order extras, or ask questions about what we were getting. There were specials on a blackboard high above us, but they were never alluded to, nevermind read out by our server. And we only noticed them once it was too late.That may have been a good thing, as it turned out (from observing a neighbouring table that eventually came in) that the promised grilled Tilapia special was actually a batter-fried fish n' chips, which someone had forgotten to update on the board. Oops!The menu is an eclectic mish-mash of fusiony Asian and Italian items. We started with asparagus, wrapped in smoked salmon on a bed of cornbread. It was very tasty. Shame the asparagus was overcooked, stringy and impossible to cut.We had to beg for bread, which was eventually brought out after our appetizer. When it came it was a qualty focaccia, but it seemed to have been sliced hours earlier.My partner and I both ordered pasta dishes. She had a veal/prosciutto agnoletto (like a ravioli, it was explained) and I had linguini with scallops and shrimp. The agnoletto was unexceptional; I couldn't taste much of the prosciutto, and the tomato sauce could have come from a bottle.I quite liked my linguini, which had lots of the promised seafood, and a  nice, very lemony sauce. I'd had my fill by the half-way point though, and wonder if the dish wouldn't have been better as a half-portion.For dessert we shared a decadent chocolate cake (the actual title on the menu) and an apple crumble. The cake was, as promised, decadent, so hard to complain there. The crumble on the other hand tasted past it's prime, with soggy oats and rubbery (though at least real) apples.The total, with appetizer, dessert and wine was about $100 for the two of us. Not outrageous, but given the inattentive service and uneven food I won't be doing dinner there again. May give it a shot for brunch, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Ah, Dangerous Dan's. The double-D is kind of a legend in it's own char-grilled mind, what with the ridiculously low-class interior, chairs made out of minivan bench seats and anti-vegetarian slogans scrawled on the walls.I hit this place for the first time with a couple of friends on a rainy Sunday. We all needed a good burger and Dan's came through!I had the Big Shroom Burger: a big, nicely falling-apart patty with a whack of saucy sauteed mushrooms (shiitake, button and oyster I think) on top.Sides are extra here, but the order of fries I got was ample. Some of the fries were basically half a potato! They were solid, starchy, ketchup and vinegar catchers -- good if not anything mind blowing.My friends enjoyed a mozzarella burger and a Philly cheese-steak, though I was too occupied with my burger to taste theirs. We also were lucky to have the undivided attention of the portly guy in overalls behind the counter (Dan, I am guessing?) who made crude jokes both at and with us. After we had cleaned our plates "Dan" surprised us by slapping down a deep fried battered banana with ice cream on our table. Free dessert! Ok, so he might have referred to it as his "wang" (maybe this not the place to take Grandma?) but hey, free food is free food. And the banana was actually really good!Dangerous Dan's is a place that walks the talk from the posters on the wall ("22% of Ontarians are Obese. . . We can do better!) to the crass, funny staff. It's a verite low-brow diner experience but a damn tasty one. If you're not trying to impress anyone, you're not on a diet and you don't want to blow more than $10, I would recommend this place in a heartbeat -- though it could be your last!
I cannot in good conscience even rate at one star. This office has very few good points in their favor. No one answers the phone, the reception person is beyond rude! My family and I have been patients for many years and we are currently looking for another primary care group. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
This the worst car wash we have ever been to.  It only washed half the car.  The clerk Mike said we pulled in too far.  No, the red lights won't let you.  He had us go through a second time and the exact same thing happened, 1/2 a clean car.  When we went back to get a refund we were told that is always works for him and he couldn't refund our money.  Even if it worked, for 10 bucks you should get more than one pass with the soap, rinse, and brushes.
I had extremely professional service! Great recommendations and wonderful food!  Atmosphere was very attractive and clean!  I will go back!
I am so upset with this company! If I could give a negative 5 stars I would. I called the company on a Monday to make an appointment they took my phone number and said they will call me right back and they never called back two days later I called to see what's going on his wife (the guy that fixes the sign) said oh sorry I met up with Juan at my restaurant and told me what needs to be done and the price, the next day I called to ask for their service Juan's wife says bring us the check and we will come after the weekend, plus everything that Juan told me he changed it and said he never said that. He made me feel stupid.
Thank you so much for helping us. We will definitely use your services again and recommend your business. Fast response and great service!
Well I thought I would give these guys another try. Tried calling three times and just goes to an answering machine. Who does that during business hours?? Such bad business. Should've  went with my first feelings.
Great food and smoothies but horrible service. This place is always way understaffed. Young kids working here and always arguing in front of customers and the wait time is really long.
One of my BIGGEST peeves is when a business has a voicemail or doesn't answer during business hours. Extremely unprofessional. I went ahead and left my info in their please contact us website that stated they would get back to you within an hour. Well guess what? No response. Shocker!! Doesn't matter because guess what Black Mountain Air? When you don't answer your phone potential new customers will move on to a different company. Business lost to someone else!!Todd finally did contact me to see if he could help but I already found another company who actually answer during business hours. Yes this is the busy season and these companies are very busy right now but a receptionist who can answer the phone and relay this to customers makes a world of difference.
Got the chicken adobo, dinuguan and sinigang. All delicious, but the best dinuguan i have ever had! Will be going back everytime I'm in the area.
One of the best sushi places I've ever tried! Lunch was absolutely phenomenal! The calamari is delicious! Highly recommend!
Super fun, clean and classy hotel! Service is always great and rooms are nicely up to date. I do wish they had water available in the room but they do have a refrigerator. It's in a nice location central to the city or mall!
Best cappuccino in Montreal so farExcellent not overroasted coffee. Well done foam. Served with a glass of water. and nice place, quite corner off busy street with outdoor seating.
Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.
Took our 2016 TLX in for service and a full detail. I am here to tell ya I would not drive 66 miles to this dealership if they did not do good work. My service advisor was Todd, I was going to wait for the car and then they informed me my front camera was bad and they put me in a loaner. As long as you know what you want and what needs to be done you only have your self to blame. They have never pulled any fast ones on me here like they tried at Tempe Acura. I would not stand for it. See you in 6 months..
Yesterday ,will be the last time your cook will serve us under cooked raw fish, with a burnt bottom. This has happened 3 times in the past 2 months. Need to find a new cook, I'm DONE
After 8 years came out to adjust a sliding door shutter panel, no questions asked. That's what you get when you deal with a reputable company. You get what you paid for, Thank You George.
Very good Italian food. This is the real thing, and yes this is from Chicago where people know good food. We do have other AZ style Italian food restaurants around where we live, but I will drive 30 minutes to get the real deal. They go the extra mile, no short cuts here. From there sauce, cheese and home made pasta to one of the best pizzas around. And if you ever did have a problem let them know they stand behind there product. My family and I have been enjoying Salerno's for over 25 years
We go there for happy hour, the best Margarita's around.The chips and salsa are good. The food is ok depending on who's cooking. But it's hard to get in there when the snow birds land. The staff is always great. So if you are looking for a good atmosphere and an upbeat crowd this is a good place. One more thing,  they have the best Mexican apple pie and ice cream..
It was Ok, been trying for years to find a good Chinese restaurant. I had pork fried rice and my wife vegetable egg foo young. I'll keep looking
This last time was a bit of a let down. The tortellini was way over cooked and the pesto sauce had no flavor at all...
Another let down. Will not be returning. Why do you think it's ok to short your customers on the soup that's really not that good. Each container was an inch and a half below the top of the container and enough salt to choke on. The soup I had was the YUCATAN CHICKEN TORTILLA. I must say it was terrible tasting. My wife liked her salad. I think it's because she got a chocolate covered strawberry????
Lou Malnati's use to be a couple miles from where we use to live. They make the best pizza. If your from Chicago you had Lou's pizza, there is no replacing that pie. The crust, the sauce and the way they cook that pie is #1. The line's will always be there, and so will the best pizza to hit Phoenix
These guys are great. The first contractor I have worked with in 5 years since moving here that actually did what they promised. It was a pleasure working with them. And they know how to hang crown, the finish and caulking was done excellent. The crew was very professional and very neat.Thank You
Finally after 5 years of living here I found an HVAC company that did the job they were called to do without the sales pitch or up charge.They took care of maintenance on 3 units and fixed the mess left by other contractors. They will be my HVAC contractor of choice.Thank You
Had dinner with friends. Had the chicken parmesan if you could call it that. It was the worst chicken parmesan I ever had. I found it very odd they did not even come around with cheese or at least have it on the table. What about some good bread? I thought I was at an Italian restaurant. not some soggy piece you put on the dinner plate. And as far as your sauce, you need to get a new recipe. It tasted like straight up tomato paste. The chicken was very dry and over Deep Fried.. And for what you are charging, you should be able to give a nice piece of chicken not the sliver size with bread crumbs that you try to hide under your so called sauce.
I got married her January 6, 2012. It was PERFECT! The coordinators are wonderful and help you plan out every little detail for the big day. The catering staff and chef are amazing. The food was sooo good! I would recommend this venue to anyone and everyone!
I can't say enough good things about The Lash and Sugar Co. I just took my lash extension training class with the owner Vanessa. Shannon, a lash artist was also there to help. I feel confident to go out into the world and rock this new skill. These two are some of the sweetest you will ever meet. They make you want to be best friends with them. They were so helpful and made me feel so confident in myself. If you're a cosmetologist or esthetician looking to further your career, I HIGHLY suggest you train with Vanessa. She is affordable and the training is some of the best in the business. I couldn't have done it without you girls! Thank you forever!
Growing up on the west coast, all I ever craved was In N Out when I came to visit cali BUT Shake Shack changed everything for me. I didn't think I'd have a chance to try this east coast sensation unless I traveled all the way to NY but the stars aligned when I found it in Las Vegas. The fries are crinkle cut and crispy. The shake shack burger was simple but mmmm, so good. THEIR FROZEN CUSTARD THOUGH. If you were forced to order only one thing off the menu (hopefully that will never be the case), then get the frozen custard. It will make you wonder why you ever ate ice cream...creamy frozen custard in a cone is the way to go. Don't order the fifty/fifty, it was watered down a bit. Eh.
Dr. Leslie Mortland is an outstanding pediatrician. She was very helpful when my newborn came in the day after we were discharged from the hospital. We had a lot of questions/concerns. She was very thorough and attentive. She listened to what we had to say before answering with great detail in an easy to understand manner. As a new father myself, I would highly recommend this pediatrician to any new parents who are looking for one.
This is a great place to live. Very responsive when something needs to be addressed. I would definitely recommend this property to any transplants, as it is quiet and safe.
I ordered 2lbs shrimp, medium, extra juicy and a side of rice. The shrimp was extremely over cooked, to the point where it was mushy. I ate less than a pound before I told my bf I was done. It was just too mushy for me. The rice was also mushy, they used way too much water. Service was alright... We didn't get our limes and salt/pepper until I asked for it. The food took a while to come out. I prefer the Chinatown location, but the fact that this location is literally 2 mins away from me I can't complain. This venue is nicer, I love the open concept. They also have two sinks outside the bathroom, if you just needa wash your hands! I gave 4 stars because it's still very new, and I have no doubts that they will improve!
The best Greek place in Vegas!!! I kid you not. I had never heard of Stephano's until I noticed this location by my house... I love Greek food and on a curious night I decided to try Stephano's with my boyfriend. We each ordered the beef & lamb gyro, which comes with hummus and Israeli salad. The portion was huge, for me at least. First bite, we both looked at each other, eyes wide, with a smirk of pure satisfaction on our faces. The meat was perfectly seasoned, didn't have to add any salt to it. The pita was warm and soft, the lettuce and feta just added extra texture to the whole thing. We decided that Stephano's was going to be our only place for Greek. I usually only order the gyro, but yet another curious night, I ordered the grilled shrimp plate. OH MY GOODNESS! Words could not describe how amazing that plate was! Shrimp was cooked to perfection. They give you 10 shrimps, not the small ones either. The Greek rice.. ROUND OF APPLAUSE! It was so good I had to ask the manager what type of rice they used. He told me how it was made and I complimented how great they are! I definitely recommend the gyro and shrimp plate to anyone! You will not regret coming here.Service is phenomenal! Every time I go here the cashiers or manager are so nice. They are super friendly and knowledgeable with their food. They also always give me some type of sample of their new desserts. My first time there, the cashier gave me a free order of fries and drink to go along with my meal. Just because. They're just super friendly. They are obviously all about customer service. And for that they gained me and my boyfriend as regulars :)PS- Do NOT forget to ask for the garlic sauce, for all you garlic addicts, like myself.
If I could give ZERO stars, I would. I'd honestly go into the negative. We made a "reservation" for 8:45, even called in before we arrived. The dumbass (excuse my language) at the podium said "5 mins, your table will be ready when you're here." We get there on time, weren't seated until 930. Oh, and they seated 6 people in a booth. My family and I are not big at all, but even we wouldn't have fit comfortably. The manager offered to get us a drink while we waited, ordered 2 miller lights... 2 seconds later, he asked "you wanted bud light right?" Because his friends came in and he stopped in the middle of our conversation to talk to his friends. I nearly lost it. I snapped back and said "MILLER." Dude, you manage an outback, your job really is not that difficult. Our waitress was alright, I suppose... Forgetful but alright. She tried her best. A for effort. We ordered a couple apps, waited and waited and waited and waited. To the point where my dad, brother and I craved a cigarette. So they started walking outside, for a smoke, the dumbass at the podium said "if you go out, you can't come back in, company policy" when they told me that, I was livid. I told her, I'm gonna have a smoke, and get my wallet unless you don't want me paying for this dinner. Honestly, it's pretty bad if you start craving a cig in between apps and entree. Anyways, steaks came out... Warm. Ordered medium rare, my steak nearly gave me lock jaw from chewing it so much. We should've saved this horrible experience by eating at the damn chili's next door. I swear, a blind, tasteless person could've cooked a better steak than the chefs in charge of this joint. Sorry to be so harsh, but this is seriously the worst customer service I've ever experienced. I want this meal comped, and matter of fact, I'd like to be reimbursed for my time wasted in this restaurant. My conclusion, if you want to get treated like nothing, be surrounded by the dumbest staff in America and eat DOG FOOD, then this outback is the right place for you! To the blond hostess, that sucks so bad at the easiest job in the world... Congrats. You're employee of the month!
I was so excited to try this place! I dragged my sisters and boyfriend here for lunch... Highly disappointed :( I love soup and was eager to try all the soups they had... I ordered the mushroom bisque after having samples of the lobster and cauliflower. Needless to say, I prefer Campbell's mushroom soup from the can. I got the pick 2 combo, turkey bacon avocado. Again, first bite I was disappointed. For some reason, the sandwich was sweet? I asked for regular yellow mustard, and when I opened my sandwich the bread looked like it was drizzled with honey. I literally took a few bites and called it quits. My boyfriend and sisters, also not impressed. Only thing my boyfriend liked was the sauce they used on his Italian club. I did enjoy the complimentary chocolate covered strawberry though. Definitely made the lunch better. Sadly, I will not be returning. I'll stick to canned soup and homemade sandwiches or Panera Bread.
Being a true lover of Settebello, I have to admit myself, I was truly impressed!! My boyfriend had mentioned seeing a new pizza place and wanted to try it. I was skeptical that it would beat Settebello, but first bite of our piping hot pizza... I had a change of heart. We ordered spicy marinara, lots of fresh garlic, whole roasted garlic, basil, spicy salami and banana peppers. Chef Marc explained to us the style of pizza it was and how it's made to eat a certain way. I asked him to make it extra crispy and he said he would try his best. We sat down, got all our necessary seasonings and chef Marc brought our pizza to us. Oh man! Crust was super crispy and the flavor of just the crust was amazing! I could eat the crust alone! All of our toppings were complimenting each other so well. I love how they offer spicy marinara! Because it adds even more flavor to the pizza. Every bite, my eyes were huge and I was satisfied. I kept raving about how good it was after each bite!Only thing I could "complain" about is the atmosphere. If it were a more cozy restaurant, where it didn't feel like I was just grabbing something quick. I really like Settebello's environment. It makes lunch on a sunny day so much better! But that's the only "bad" thing I could say.I DEFINITELY recommend this place for any pizza lover. Don't be skeptical, I know there's hardcore Settebello lovers out there, but I encourage you to try this. It's amazing! I'll be coming here every time I crave pizza :)
Living in the heart of Little Saigon (Westminster, CA) I'm accustomed to very good Vietnamese food. I'm a Bun Bo Hue and Banh Canh addict. So on my first trip to this restaurant I ordered the Banh Canh... All I have to say is EXTRAORDINARY! I usually have to add fish sauce for flavor to every dish... First spoonful of this Banh Canh, I was surprised that it had more than enough flavor to please the pickiest taste buds! I definitely recommend this on a cold, gloomy day or any day in fact! By far THE BEST damn Banh Canh I've ever had!!!!Okay, on to the Bun Bo Hue. Like I said previously, I love lots of flavor in my broth, this soup was everything beyond my expectations. I usually add extra chili paste to this to make it even more spicy! But without the extra chili paste it was perfection. Squeeze lime! And you're all set for a belly full of happiness! :DTHIS WILL BE THE ONLY VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT I WILL DINE AT FROM NOW ON! Go now or your stomach will be mad at you. ;)
Carl is amazing! The screen to my iPhone 5s was completely shattered and held together with tape lol. 30 mins later, it looks brand new! I am beyond happy with the service provided! It only costed me $70.27 tax included. I also checked in for a $5 discount. I highly recommend this shop for all your broken electronics! :)
Brought my car in as a walk-in, fit me in the schedule with no problem. I initially got a quote online, spoke to Jose. The price quoted was exact, even though I had no appointment; they didn't pressure sell either. They were very thorough in explaining the various shades of tints and regulations required by law. The overall installation was right at an hour: and I am very impressed with the results. Very professional and quick.
The service was fast and friendly. The spring rolls and  combination pho were delicious! The pho had just the perfect amount of meat. I don't think I've ever spent just $8 on such a great meal.
Very disappointed....had my edger for a month, finally looked at it, and the repair cost is more than the price of a new one. Kept calling  to see status and was told I would get a call. Last time calling I went and picked it up with no repair.
This place started out at a four star review, the food was very good, the service was not awful (hence the four, instead of five star original rating) then, out of nowhere, the lights were dimmed and the most awful top 40 "rap" started blasting!!! We then couldn't find our server because she was so busy serving tables like ours who were trying to get the heck out of there ASAP!!!! Had to sit for 20 minutes in the midst of a sudden club atmosphere when I was just trying to have a nice, laid back dinner and some drinks. (Drinks menu is great, I just CAN'T understand why they would turn it suddenly into a club!!!) awful.
I find this place very confusing, the decor is going for high end restaurant, but the bar area is usually full of juice monkeys.  The music is almost house-y, but there are TVs all over the place for sports.  I don't get it.It's the only restaurant close to my boyfriend's place that isn't Fox and Fiddle, so we've come here a couple of times.  The food, frankly, not very good.  I've had a few different items off the menu.  The fish tacos are fine, decent.  The salmon salad I would definitely not order again, same with the steak frites.  The only thing that was actually good and worth the money are their eggs benedict on weekend brunch.  The rest is fairly unappealing and not that good.That being said, their patio is sooooo nice on a summer afternoon.  It gets full sunlight, so that's gorgeous.  Also, their drink list is pretty good.  They have some decent wine, and their drinks are pretty good.  If there were any other decent place within a quick walk, I probably wouldn't go to Hunter's again.  However, as it is the only choice for something other than typical pub fare within a 15 minute walk, I'll probably end up there again soon.
Do not go here for a walk in.  The wait times are as bad as going to the ER - I could have gone to my own doctors office across the city and back in the time I've been waiting here. Not impressed.
I've been here many times over the years and my opinion just gets better! The food is so good, I swear their coleslaw should be called crack-slaw!!! Also, they do buck a shuck on Sundays. Their tacos are just amazing (fried shrimp big standout!!). We will keep coming back!
I love everything at Le Select, the food is amazing, it is always exactly what I want. Their eggs Bennie are the best in the city, and their foie gras is just too good. The wine list is pretty good, even their quick selections are delicious. And I admit we have spent some time sitting at the bar trying different wines and sparkling! The service is top notch, though sometimes their servers are a bit snooty, which is typically French, so it's ok.This is one my favourites!
Wha happened??The first time I came here for brunch, the food was amazing.  I had the duck leg and hash.  Wow, the hash was so delicious I could have kept eating and eating.  The duck was perfect, so delicious with the egg and sauce.  The side salad was perfect, simple with a bit of vinaigrette to cut all the fat.The second time, wow, it was so bad.  I had the same thing, because it was so good the first time around.  The second time, the hash was all onion.  It was soggy and gross and basically consisted almost entirely of onion.  I hardly ate any of it.  The salad had a whole bunch of random things in it, cranberries, beets.  It also had a really sour dressing.  Where was that beautiful, simple salad with walnuts and a nice vinaigrette?  The duck was just as good, but my egg was overcooked, and it was drowning in sauce.  It was way too rich without the nice salad to cut it.  It was just plain gross.  That being said, they serve Hinterlands sparkling wine, which is amazing!  And the first time I ate here, I couldn't stop drooling about it for months.  If I were judging based on the second time I was there, I'd give it zero stars, as the food was flat out BAD.
I am not a vegetarian, I have to admit.  I love meat.  However, our office is in the area where Green Earth is, and their menu looked pretty appealing so I decided to try them out today.Yum.  I had the Chik'un burger with fries.  The fries were delicious, nicely seasoned and totally fresh, also, perfectly crispy.  And the burger was a real surprise, it wasn't real meat, but it was so good!  Also, there was a big hunk of ripe avocado on it, for no extra charge.  That makes me a happy lady.  I have to say, the burger wasn't quite as good as a real chicken burger, but still, it was really, really close and I wolfed it down.  Also, the prices are really reasonable.  I got the burger and fries for 9.95, and given the quality and the freshness, I'm really happy about.I'm looking forward to trying some more of the food here.
Energia is a really interesting place.  It is so much more than it looks from the outside!  There is a big yoga studio and a spinning studio with nineteen bikes in behind the store.  There are two impecable washrooms each with showers and a private bathroom stall... everything you need is stocked, from a hair dryer to hair elastics, shampoo, body lotion, and everything is natural!  The space is always looking it's best, and the store is always clean.  The merch is definately geared towards runners, a lot of it is pretty techinical and pretty pricey.   Their running shoes are fantastic, they fit me for a pair of shoes, and told me things about my feet that i didn't know!  They watched me run in my shoes to make sure they were the proper type of shoe, and spent, overall, almost an hour with me!!!!  Amazing!  Plus, they have lots of yoga mats and pilates balls and music to practice with.And now the classes... the prices are pretty standard for a private yoga studio, and they have spinning.  The schedule is good, and seems to be expanding to meet demand.  The best part about it is that you can pay as you go, or buy passes, NO CONTRACT!  And it's really personal, you get to know your instructors and even make friends with them.  All in all, Energia is an awesome neighbourhood place.  I see people that I do yoga with all over the neighbourhood... and I've even made a couple of friends!  A note for all moms and moms to be, they have pre-natal yoga, mom and baby yoga and a free mother's circle on fridays!  And I think they have running lessons.
Went to Salt last night, I was very unimpressed. We had a whole bunch of things, which is the right way to go. Share dishes between two or three people, and you'll get to taste a bunch of things, don't go in and just get one dish expecting to get enough. We started with the openers, the chicken liver and foie gras pate was yummy, but $8 for a tablespoon of simple guacamole has to be one of the biggest ripoffs I've ever seen.For Mains we ate the BY FAR most disgustingly salty venison carpaccio ever. After two bites of it, I took a drink of water and it was basically salt water there was so much on it. It was absolutely disgusting, which was so sad because the actual venison was soooo mouthwatering.The steak also really made me mad, almost enough to give this place a 1. It was cooked really well, but it was chewy and stringy. I'm a bit of a steak snob, and for the price of that small amount of steak, it should have been a prime cut. It was not. So unimpressed. The duck confit was quite good, I enjoyed it, and finally we had some very yummy crostini with figs and manchego... So good.Our party had the lobster pasta which arrived after everything was done. So people were stuck waiting and waiting.Our service wasn't great, we were left with empty wine glasses numerous times. This place is over priced and just not worth it. I have no problem spending exorbitant amounts on food, but it better be worth it. We won't be going here again.
Bread and Greens is a new place, and they are trying to work out all the kinks.  Their menu is ever-changing, and they are adding more and more to it.  They use beautiful breads from Ace bakery (my favourite is the rosemary).  The salads are great, and they have some really tasty dressings (tahini lemon!!).  The only reason I haven't given them 5 stars is that because they are new and independant, they are overpriced.  I don't feel I get enough food for my money, except for the daily lunch special - usually around 7.50 for something like a large slice of lasagne, tossed salad and pop or water.
I wish I could give two separate reviews for this place, as their drinks are good, patio is nice and the interior is great.My real beef is that the food is really bad, and the service can be almost as bad as the food.The first time we ate there, my meal was ok, but my partner's medium-rare steak was so over cooked it was grey. We almost never send anything back, having been in the service industry in a past life, but this was the most over cooked piece of meat I've ever seen come out of a professional kitchen.We went there for brunch a couple of weeks ago, and I ordered eggs Benedict, but the server informed me there was no back bacon, I asked for ham instead, but they had none. Now it was only 10:45 am, they had the entire brunch service left and had already run out of back bacon. Not a good sign. But we sucked it up, and I said ok to eggs Benedict with actual bacon.When our food arrived, my partner had ordered the French omelette, and it was also so over cooked... I thought we should have sent it back, but the boyfriend diligently ate about a third of it, before finding the interior was plain burnt. My eggs Benedict had a little tiny bit of tasteless hollandaise on them, and were dry as anything. This wasn't helped by the eggs having had the hell cooked out of them, no yolk spilled out, they were solid.At the end of our meal, I had an empty Caesar glass, that my waitress took as she walked by without asking if we wanted the bill or another drink... She was just going to leave me sitting at the table with no drink! It was time to go.If you go to bar Wellington, go for the drinks only. Skip the food. I think we will head up the street a bit farther next time we go out, and will definitely not be eating there again.
I had appointment middle of last year, and i was scheduled with mozell, but when i arrived i was given to another hair dresser. She didnt introduce herself and didnt bother to cut my ends which i asked for. Mozell was rude didnt ask my name but tired to get my attention while my hair was being washed,, by just wavying her hand. I have natural hair which the style they gave me turned out horrible. I would never go back here.
Had a horrible experience with these people.  Planned a trip, purchased tickets a few days ahead on the web, then a relative passed away and we had to cancel the trip.  They ran us around (send emails, call back to talk to a manager again and again and again), finally got someone in charge on the phone and they said no refund, no way.  Offered to send them all the documentation the airlines asked for, no dice.  This place has to be a scam.  Worst experience I have had in 30 years of travelling all around the world.  You know they do not care about their customers when they make the airlines and big chain hotels look good.Avoid, Avoid, AVOID!!
We've been tenants through Carolina United Realty for 18+ Months. We started off with a very rocky experience and unfortunately it hasn't gotten much better.On moving day, After receiving the keys to our home, we opened up the door only to walk into complete and utter filth and several serious housing code violations (missing lightbulbs and no batteries in smoke detectors). CUR sent out cleaners to fix the mess but it took nearly a week. This meant we had to move in all of our things into a filthy property and wait patiently while they took their time fixing the mess they left behind for us.Besides this initial frustration, we've had issues with a non-functioning toilet for over a year of our tenancy. This is also a direct violation of Mecklenburg County Housing Codes and North Carolina Housing Codes. I have been asking, in writing, for a repair for the last three months and yet still haven't had my plumbing fixed. Not only that but our rent was increased 8% this year!!I understand the staff at CUR is very busy and they are very polite and nice people working there, but their service is not the best. They have dropped the ball in many important issues and they don't convey a sense of urgency on important issues.I would not recommend renting a property from CUR.
Good food, bad service!! They are understaffed in the kitchen and they don't make food very quickly. Most orders seem to take over 30+ mins to cook. Don't use the website to place an order online, it will take 40 minutes or more. It's better to call and they will make it faster.Chicken Makhani is good, nan is good too. Wish the service was better!!
Got ignored when my bf and I walked in. They weren't busy either, the staff looked at us a couple of times and did not assist us at all. So rude. Even if your host was on break, at least acknowledge your customers. We walked out. My excitement for trying this new place in my neighbourhood went down the drain.
Came here about a month ago or so for a nose piercing.I must say... GREAT place for a piercing.I was in & out in about 10 minutes w/o an appointment.I loved the Kool-Aid Jammer, & Brandi made it quick & easy for me.Will be coming back in the near future.
I went here today to only ask for a simple boutineer to be made for my prom. The young lady at the front counter was very nice, but a lady in the back was very rude. I gave the young lady my instructions and I heard the lady in the back say "no tengo tiempo" which means "I don't have time" translated into English. So she in the end wasn't able to make it for me. How disappointing & frustrating?! I've been here a total of 3 times & my order has not been accommodated not once.
can never complain about this place. absolutely amazing food. i'm from arkansas & this place reminds me of home. A bit pricey, but definitely worth your money.
This place was great! We thought we would try it since its in our neighborhood and were always looking for new restaurants...we had a pepperoni pizza and the fettucini Alfredo with chicken and both were delicious! Were happy also that they deliver and that you can stop in and grab a slice of pizza. So glad we tried it!
Josh and his team are the best! My husband and I won't take our jeep and F350 diesel anywhere but here! They are honest, affordable, and just the best to work with!
This is the best Barros in the valley. We always order a large extra cheese pepperoni and pineapple and its always fast hot and delicious. The wings are also very good and so us the small side salad. Its a great pizza place
Overall its a pretty cool place. Cold beer and good wings but the service us hit or miss and some if the bands bring in a rough croud.
This habit burger location is the original and it's definitely the best! The food us always fresh and delicious and the staff is great!
We go to Jupes all the time! We love this place!!! Chris and Carrie are awesome, the beer is frosty and cheap and we love that its a neighborhood bar. The trivia night (Thursday) is so fun and they have a great juke box.
This place was horrible...the service was rude and the girl who placed my order kept checking her phone and was distracted by her manager which inevitably messed up our order...when we received our food the Italian sandwich had stale bread and the meat was a weird color...we also ordered the cashew salad which cane as soggy as can be and burnt steak panini....overall never again!!!! Horrific place ti eat
This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant!!! Our service was lousy, the place was filthy and our food was terrible...not to mention my husband and I both got sick from what we ate!!! Never going here again and I will be contacting the restaurant tomorrow to get a refund!
Loved this place...great dive bar with good food and cheap drinks. Our bartender was fast at getting us the next round and they played good music
Best fried chicken ever! The smoked sausage appetizer and wings were delicious the cornbread was hot and the butter melted immediately and the service was amazing and totally made our experience at the smokehouse awesome! Can't wait to go back!!!!
So I've had mellow mushroom before and it was pretty good but...tonight was ridiculous! We sat at the bar where it took forever to be served and after being served we asked for forks and the server gave us a nasty look like how dare we ask for forks...they barely followed up with us to get us another beer...then our wings came and they were not good and so we o dered pizza in hopes it would be better than the wings and it came out half cooked! Overall never going to mellow mushroom again
Wow it was everything I remembered! The steak was cooked perfectly and the ultimate shrimp platter was delicious...the salad bar was fresh and well stocked and the frozen yogurt was just as remembered. It was clean not outdated at all and very affordable. The service was excellent as well!
I was very impressed! The tuna tataki sashi was delicious!!! We ordered several rolls including the cowboy roll on happy hour and none of them cost more than $8...the sushi was fresh the service was great and it was very reasonably priced! I've definitely found my new favorite sushi/Japanese restaurant!!!!
Salsa and bean dip were yummy and the margaritas were awesome! I has the child rellano and it was good and flavorful. The chips are sooo good and hit when they bring them out and the service was fast and friendly
This place is awesome! I had the cheeseburger on a pretzel bun and it was sooo good! Can't wait to try it again
This is one of my favorite places to dance the night away! I love that they have super cheap drinks and they play great music
Love this place! The biscuits and gravy are delicious...and the corn beef hash was great. The service is very friendly and I love that I can walk there.
My mom and I had an early meal last night at Swish. It was my third visit, my mom's first. The first two visits the service was good but the food was just ok. I thought I'd give it one last shot. We ordered three apps to share. The grilled calamari that had more onion and olives than it did calamari, a caprese salad made from tomatoes that weren't ripe and mussels, which were in fact were excellent. After being neglected by our servers the entire meal and having to get up twice and go to the bar to get someone's attention we were told that our one server had just been let go for being inebriated on the job. We were the only table in there, aside from a few people at the bar. There were three staff plus the owner in sight so I'm not sure why someone else couldn't have picked up our table. We were offered an apology and 15% off our bill. Seriously? After an experience like that I'd expect more of a comp than that.Aside from the horrible service, which may have just been the result of that one very high server, the food stinks. I was hoping third time was a charm but I'll never go back.
We had dinner at The Nose last week for the first time with friends. The food was great and our server even better! We're planning to go back again soon
One of the main reasons why we keep coming here is for the server Joe! The food is 5/5 stars for sure, but servers like Joe make the atmosphere enjoyable. His recommendations for wine, beer, and food have never led us astray! He is personable and a great server!
Ummm, no.  I really should've known better.  Don't be lazy - go walk anywhere else to find a coffee.  $4.55+tax for a tall americano.  Absolutely ridiculous.  $1.75+tax for a small bruised banana.  Changed my mind about the banana as I was getting rung up as all available bananas were quite bruised.  However, I was told the manager would need to authorize the refund.  The manager was upstairs, and apparently not terribly incentivized to come down to take care of it.  After waiting 5 minutes with no sign that anyone was interested in doing anything about it, I gave up and took the banana. :(  Shitty, bruised banana.  Thanks Starbucks!
I am visiting from Nebraska and this place is really good. So far here is what I have eaten, I would recommend all of these. peanut chicken - Awesome thee fighting artichoke - Awesome classic burger - Awesome Tomorrow I am going for the Big WAC :)
I had the pub burger and my wife had the roasted chicken; best meal in a while according to my wife. The burger was pretty awesome as well!
The arugala salad was good but not a fan of the pizza. It was undercooked, they took it back, and then just cooked the same pie and served it back to us! Not impressed for a new place.
The cod had better flavor than the perch on the Friday fish fry. The Cole slaw was sweet and tangy and very good!
Etech saved me again! Geek Squad said I needed a new logic board, memory, and my display was bad; total cost $1800. Etech was able to fix the issue at a very reasonable cost. The new store is great!
Came here because of the name left here with a new favorite restaurant in Cleveland! Luca makes the gelato himself we where told.
Took my girlfriend and family and this place doesn't disappoint, hand made tortillas are the best and their selection of meat is so good, I love this place
Orange Blossom Beer is the best, However atmosphere and Service (Female Bartender/Server) were really bad... Go to Chevron get a growler, go home and Enjoy!!!
The staff and owner are some of the best people I have ever meet! The drinks are cheap and the food is freshly prepped and made to order. The place is always spotless clean and very entertaining! Where else can you go and get a jack and coke for $5?? I highly recommend this place!
Enjoyed the carnitas burrito bowl. Flavor of pork was excellent and quantity was sufficient. Service was fine for a table of one.
My goto place for Thai food for pick up. Only drawback is the limited option for vegetarians.
I went to this restaurant after seeing some really nice reviews here at yelp. We ordered chicken manchow soup, chicken lollypop and veg noodles.It was very disappointing. Hope they improve in future.
Nice place to hang out with friends and have few drinks. The golfing experience here is comparable with bowling.
It was expensive but fun for kids to visit. Just like the giraffe a few birds, they could add few more animals and make it a small zoo.
One of the good Indian cuisine restaurants in Vegas. Their buffet is my favorite!
I was not approved for the Apt. However they have kept my deposit of 200.00 dollars for near a month, and do not seem to intend to return it,. They issued a check payable to three people,.only two of us actually applied., and when I try to let them know my bank does not accept the third party check,.they are refusing to give me a clear answer.
Someone broke into my truck and smashed into the window and shattered it, so I called these guys and they replaced my window within an hour and did a really nice job! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who needs a fast fix! And everyone there is really nice and they do honest work :)
Don't even waste your valuable time in SIN CITY going to this place. 1st off we get there a party of 12 , they bring chips and salsa right away which we're good, but then the horror starts. We get this rude ass waiter , gets all of our drinks all mix up by the way had the worst Chabela there. I had 7 MARES and it had a nasty taste.The meals took for ever not to mention they ran out of MENUDO, who the HELL runs out of menudo on Saturday morning. Anyway we were all unhappy with food, service, and drinks . And to top it off the dude had all of our separate bills all mix up. don't waste your time and just go to MI LINDO MICHOACN on desert blvd. best Mexican food in LAS VEGAS
Great museum and totally free ($5 suggest donation). Great displays on different eras in Wisconsin history and a special exhibit about actors with WI connections. Learned a lot here!
This is a nice, free museum in an unbeatable location. The staff are friendly and helpful. There are displays pertaining to wars from the Civil War through present day, concentrating on the WI connections. I'd definitely suggest combining this with a visit to the WI Historical Museum across the street for a fun museum day downtown! Photos allowed, but no flash. I particularly loved the exhibit of art made by veterans.
Great little coffee house in a prime location. I had a salami and pesto panini and it was delicious!!
This museum is really beautiful both inside and out. When I arrived (and left), there were two men at the front desk who were helpful and gave me a map and showed me what was open. One was in a suit and the other was in a sleeveless shirt with such large arm holes they went down past his waist - quite a contrast. Downstairs there was an exhibit called "Death in Venice" that was nice, then upstairs there was a big gallery with some of the permanent collection - very diverse pieces. The highlight for me was really the rooftop though! The "sculpture garden" didn't have too many sculptures but there was a great view of the capital! Fun for a quick free downtown stop. Plenty of space in nearby garage on a Sunday.
This was a really fun stop! There were so many different mustards for sale and SO MANY FREE SAMPLES! The museum downstairs was cool but pretty small and a little hokey, it mustards from all 50 states and many countries and a few other displays.
If you're here, you know it's going to be expensive, so I'll just say that the atmosphere in this particular store is great! The staff were very friendly and the sale rack had some great stuff! Huge parking garages and other great stores nearby.
Nice store with a variety of products for men and women including a great selection of smart wool socks! The "tool museum" made me laugh - just a bunch of unlabeled tools hung up in the back of the store.
Bigger than I thought it would be, lots of cool stuff. Completely self guided, didn't even see a staff member. As others have mentioned, parking is far but I walked from a garage on campus, less than half a mile and pretty cheap.
Quick visit to this zoo today - lots of families around. Not very big but fun for a free activity. Highlight for me was of course the polar bears!
Got a roast beef panini here today after visiting the zoo, it was pretty good! counter service but they brought the food to my table. prices were fine.
I feel like my life has completely changed after seeing Judita for treatment. I was dealing with pain and side effects from medication and she was patient and understanding, and now I can walk and move without pain. She is so sweet and passionate about helping people. Simply the best, check it out, you won't be disappoint.
Excellent handmade margaritas.  Menu exciting making it difficult to decide,  service and presentation are excellent.  Another of the out-of-sight delights.  Try it.
Nice atmosphere and a decent crowd for noon on a Friday. They have lots of beer choices, which is a plus. I ordered the beer cheese soup to start and it was delicious; I would definitely recommend. However, for lunch I ordered the prime rib sandwich and was very underwhelmed. I thought this would be a safe choice considering the atmosphere and I heard the person next to me order it, but the flavor was bland, it had grease dripping out and overall just expected a bit more. The saver of the meal was definitely the cheese curds! Would highly recommend the cheese curds with the garlic dipping sauce. Yum! Overall it was a nice atmosphere, average service, and tasty soup and cheese curds. I would come back but strictly stick to the small plates and beer.
I had a broken window in my 2nd floor bedroom which required access via the roof. This job thus required a couple of ladders to access the broken window. I had spent almost two weeks prior to this being shuffled around from contractor to contractor.Glass busters quoted me $150, but then showed up and declined to do the job, saying that they didn't have the equipment or personnel. They referred me to ABC Glass, who after a week's wait quoted me $351.21 for the job. They said it was a 2h job for 335 + 14 in materials (talk about taking advantage)I called M&M yesterday, they came in today, and the job was done in 30 minutes, and their price was lower than the above quotes. A stark difference in quality, pricing and customer service. I'm grateful for these folks, and I will definitely call them again.
I'm a first time home owner, and as I quickly learned, most contractors either (a) take advantage of their customers' inexperience and/or (b) nickel and dime you by giving you a low bid, and then start charging for extra materials in the middle of the job. By the time I got around to Granite Dude, I was well versed in detecting who is legit and who isn't - the reason I would recommend Granite dude is:1. Their customer service is excellent2. The quality of work is excellent3. They are upfront, and don't try and hide costs - they will tell you what the final price will be right off the bat. 4. They do what they say they will do (ie, showing up on time, no whining about unexpected events, charges, etc etc)Their bids for me included fabrication of the granite slab, install of granite and install of plywood subtop, sealing of granite, removal and disposal of old countertops, 4in backsplash (and a little more in my case), edge type, as well as taxes. In my case, they helped me with remnant pieces of granite from other jobs to cover smaller areas like my bathroom (ie, save a little money)In contrast, there two other contractors who gave me a number that equalled Granite Dude's final quote, but just for labor. They were going to charge me for two full slabs (ie no remnants) - without any mention of sealing, disposal costs and taxes. Complete shmucks. When they asked me if I had any other quotes, I just got up and left, I was so disgusted. Called Granite Dude and set up the install.I would definitely do business with them again.
The food in this restaurant is decent. I've not had a bad experience taste wise, but the service I experienced the last time was so bad, i would never want to go back there again. (This was around dec 09). I don't think the person serving me was a member of the serving staff; she was likely the owner or the manager, and treated me like some beggar who came asking for scraps from the street.- I was seated and pretty much ignored for atleast 15 minutes, no water, no nothing. - When my order was taken, it was with such contempt, I thought I was being served by the queen of Iran . I ordered my entree, but before I could add a drink, she decided that she could only write so much on her piece of paper, so she walked off. - She was really nice to the 8 person table next to me, filled with well dressed old people. I presume she gauged my youth, my lack of a tuxedo, and solitary presence as a sign that I was not going to be a major contributor to her profit that evening. Of course, I decided to fulfil her expectations and did not tip her. That was a fearful dining experience, and God help those who work with her, especially the servers/kitchen staff.One of piece of advice for the management of Tasty Kabob: if you are going to behave like Persian royalty, don't go into the 'service' sector, where you have to serve customers. Now I understand why the Shah of Iran was overthrown in '79. It was probably because he had siblings like you whose obnoxious behaviour drove the humble Iranian people into the arms of raving extremists in the Islamic Revolution. Friends, I would recommend Persian Room in North Scottsdale instead. Their clientele is also well to do, but they welcome every one, even folks like me, with kindness, good service and good food, and I happily pay the higher prices.
The Bicycle Cellar is a bike shop/membership facility that allows bike commuters to come in, lock their bike, shower, and head over to work in the nearby area. My review is for the bike shop, not the commuter facility. I initially heard of this place via google as I was looking for a bike. There isn't a huge selection of bikes here, but you'll find some good used bikes, and some new ones in the store. I was very impressed with the honesty and knowledge of the staff here. The most striking part is that they don't try to push a sale. If they don't have whats best for you, they'll recommend someone else. In my case, i ended up renting two bikes to get a feel for bike commuting - the rentals were ~30/day, but that included helmets, panniers and whatever else was needed. The second bike I tried, I loved. I ended up buying that model (not that exact bike) from them. They made great recommendations on tires, accessories, lights etc, at each stage offering me various options, and alternate ideas in case i didn't or couldn't afford purchase something. My point is that their attitude to the customer was - if you don't want it, we understand. but here's why it makes sense to have one. you can buy it from here, and we'll give you discounts, or you can shop around as well..all in all, some very knowledgeable folks in there, who love bikes, and really focus on customers. Highly recommended
I had recently purchased a condo, which needed a lot of renovation, and was referred to CertaPro by my handyman. As mentioned in other reviews, interacting with Jason on the sales end was a very positive experience. He came by my property to review what was needed, gave me good inputs regarding the work I needed, and a decent quote for the work. On the day of the appointment, I showed up to my property for the 8am appointment. I waited till 830 and no one showed. I left, and called Jason to cancel the bid. Jason did his best to fix the issue - he got me another one of his painters ready to go the next day. He also explained that the painter in question had disregarded his instructions on the job. The guy who showed up the next day - Gregg Furseth - was outstanding. He was on time, very professional, and did a spectacular job. What I learned about interacting with CertaPro is:- Great sales game doesn't guarantee quality paint job.- They don't have full control over ethic/discipline of their painters - seems like there is variation depending on who they contract the job to.- Some of their painters are excellent, some may not be.- However, they did good in fixing the issues. They got the job done right in the end. The final cost was lower than the quote, and I thank them for that. I would do business with CertaPro again, as long as it is Gregg on the job. No one else. Ask for Gregg. Thanks
I bought a new dryer from Samsung, only to realise that I didn't have enough clearance in my laundry room for the standard back vent set up. I needed a side vent setup; I had asked around various sources who either were not able to do it, or were charging too much. E & J appliances were willing to do the job provided I purchased the side vent kit myself. I purchased a Samsung side vent kit from Sears, and Rick came in for the installation. Owing to the small laundry room I have, Rick moved the dryer outside in my carport, installed the side vent, took apart the door to my laundry room so that the dryer could go back in, and then re-installed the door. He didn't charge extra for any of this - stuck with the original quote. He tested out the dryer venting, and also helped level out my washer, and zip tie the water drain pipe. Please note that I did voluntarily assist with moving the dryer and putting the door back, but you don't have to. I would definitely call them again.
I have no complaints. They give solid haircuts every time. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed. They offer free beers while you wait.
Very friendly neighborhood deli and excellent food! The Cuban sandwich is excellent.  I will definitely be back!
Ontime and reliable! I have had some bad luck with contractors in the past, so working with someone who is a true professional was a nice change. I told Cameron what I had in mind for my patio extension, and he made it work.  It looks great, and all the work was completed in about a day!!!
Tried it once from a referral on yelp and loved it. Have eaten there and loved it sense!
We absolutely love eating here! The food is excellent, the portions generous, and the pice reasonable. Also, the owners are wonderful people. Introduce yourself to them and they will remember you next time. Some of our favorites are the tortas, chicken soup, flautas, fajitas and huaraches. I have never had anything there that I did not really enjoy. They make everything from scratch and you can really tell. Best corn tortillas I have ever had. Green salsa is mild and delicious. They also have ice oldOne liter glass bottles of Coke from Mexico and a selection of beers, all served in a huge frozen mug.
We were served with our coffee first and the waiter served us with dirty mugs and one has lipstick stain and the lip mark  was perfectly still preserved on the rim of the mug!  Made me lose my appetite!  You'll not see me again in this IHOP!!!
My husband loves under armour stores but this store was careless with removing security sensor on one of our purchases. So inconvenient with this little mistake that could've been prevented.  We were there on a regular non holiday which makes only if I remember no more than 10 customers in the store.  I would understand if it's that busy but nevertheless still do your job thoroughly. Obviously we can't go back to Vegas to get that removed and all other clothing stores will not remove for us even with receipt. We had to go to nearest outlet which is Cabazon an hour drive to get this darn sensor removed!
Beautiful hotel crazy to check in on a Saturday afternoon looks like all the visitors in Vegas are here checking in and not enough seats while waiting foh-evah!
My first time eating here! I had the spicy chicken sandwhich. So good! So fresh! Server so pleasant!!
We used to love going to this restaurant for AYCE crab legs on Sunday. So for a special occasion we took our family there, I called ahead to make sure they still did the AYCE on Sunday and asked if we needed reservations which I figured we didn't but wanted to make sure. She said they had AYCE and no reservations needed it was available 5-9 as usual. We got there around 6:30 and they were completely out of crab legs. We drove over 20 minutes for a complete disappointment. But we still went in and ordered off of the menu. It was not as good as it had been in the past the food was cold and bland. I got scallops and they were so fishy that I couldn't eat them. I eat a lot of seafood and understand the difference between a normal seafood taste and old fishy food and it was the latter. One of the only times ever that I have been starving and literally couldn't choke my food down. But I had my fries left at least, So when I asked for ketchup they brought out a squeeze bottle and took one bite and realized it was cocktail sauce that I had put on mine and my daughters food. Completely ruined her meal and when I said something they didn't believe that it was cocktail sauce!  The whole staff didn't care from the point we walked in until we left. Very disappointing since we used to love it here. I'm not sure if we will ever go back.
I got a Groupon for HottCakez. I called at 10:11AM on Monday and the Gal on the phone told me to come by at 12:30PM, because that's when they would be open and I could come in and pick out a dozen cupcakes. So, my sister, my 5 year old niece, 7 week old niece, and I went shopping near by to kill two hours. For some reason NOTHING in Las Vegas is close by, the freeway and highway are all so round about, it takes you almost 30 minutes to get anywhere. Anyway, we came back at 12:30 on the dot and the place still was not open. I went up to the door to check and one of those generic clock signs said, be back at and the clock arms pointed to 1PM. Disappointed, I got back in the car, told my sister the situation, and waited. My sister had to make a phone call, so she agreed to wait. 1:00PM came and went, at 1:10PM I called the number again this time with no answer and I left a message, with no returned phone call. A nice Gal, who I assume owns the pizza place, said that the HottCakez owner was there, because her bar is near the back, and she saw them back there. The place never opened...Needless to say, we didn't get any cupcakes as promised and we will NEVER be going back. Customer service is horrible. If you can't deliver, don't tell me to come back and then NOT answer your phone. I don't mind coming back another day, just let me know. Just because I'm a Groupon buyer, doesn't make me less of a customer. I spent money already, and haven't even tried your product, and now because of you, I never will. We all get busy or things come up, it's how we deal with it that counts.
Love this place! My Dad and sister went to this place and loved it so much they took me and I love it too. Their fish tastes really fresh, no weird fishy taste here. The salmon, yellowtail, and tuna were amazing!
So glad I discovered Bare Necessity! I made an appointment with Elaine to get my eyebrows tweezed (I am currently using a Retinol cream, so waxing is a no-go) and tinted. I was so nervous about how they would turn out, but Elaine did a WONDERFUL job! I booked my next appointment before leaving and will keep going back every 3 weeks. Everyone there is so friendly and it's such a beautiful atmosphere, exactly how a spa should make you feel. I recommend Bare Necessity to all of my girlfriends. If you're wondering who to trust and where to go - go to Bare Necessity!!
My husband and I held our wedding reception at Diego Pops back in October and it was wonderful. We worked with Rebecca to come up with a budget, menu, and layout for the night.   We were able to rent out the entire restaurant for the evening and had so much fun dancing to our own playlist. Rebecca, Cory, and all of the staff at Diego Pops were incredible and worked really hard to ensure every single person in attendance had a great night. We still have friends and family that reminisce about how much fun they had that night - and how good the food and drinks were! Date night, girls night out, office lunch party, wedding reception, or whatever the occasion might be, Diego Pops is the perfect place! I couldn't possibly say enough good things about them.
I must say that Haines is worthy of 10 stars. He is a very gifted attorney. He provides a professional personalized plan early in the process. You are not a number with Meyer Law. They know you and are very familiar with your case. Haines always provided me with ample notice of required paperwork he or the court would require. I never felt rushed nor blindsided at any time. I recommend you talk to Haines before selecting a bankruptcy lawyer.
Awesome, Authentic Hawaiian dishes. Excellent friendly service; they make you feel like ohana. Boiled peanuts and Kalbi ribs are so tender and flavorful.  Russ said "Gina been cooking 20 years- she must be doing it right." No doubt, I agree for sure. We had a great time. Russell & Gina- Thanks for the Ono food.
Where do I start? These guys are amazing. They're always consistent with their burritos and quesadillas. The staff are always friendly and a pleasure to deal with. The managers are on point and even if a mistake is made, they'll go above and beyond to fix the problem. Kudos to Burrito Boyz 5&10!
Well what can I say.. the staff are professional and on point, but at the same time they're super laid back and easy to talk to. They are extremely savvy with the way vapes operate and what coils to use. I've been to a number of vape shops in Burlington, Toronto, and here in Mississauga and I can confidently say that this was hands down the best experience! Kudos to dashvapes
These guys used to be good back in their earlier days. Having past experience in the food industry I can see this place had the potential, but it all slowly went to the gutter.Customer service is always number one. No questions asked. And the amount of times I tried to give this place a second chance I'd always be remembered by the extremely poor way they deal with their customers. The atmosphere is just absolutely depressing... noone smiles and you can tell nobody wants to be there. There's no pride.. If I had to give food it's own rating, it would have to be a 4 on a good day. Ive also had my shawarma messed up with toppings NUMEROUS times.. I really don't know what happened to this place... The owner must be lazy and not want to deal with customers concerns or complaints because there's absolutely nowhere that I can leave my feedback (thank god for yelp and Google lol). There's much better shawarma shops in mississauga like express shawarma on queensway and kipling, or even nicks shawarma down the street.
So one day, I was wild hungry and a wall decide to hit my car. I was mad upset and down in the dumps! So I called my cousin chuy, and told him about it and he decided to treat to some tacos. After the tacos we decide to go to another food truck to get some corn on a stick! Then the corn guys cousins friends brother, told him that his cousins uncles girlfriend side boyfriend had heard about Las Vegas collision Center. I came in and a lovely receptionist helped me out and she told me the price and I was blown away on how affordable it was to fix my car, and therefor I left it and after a few days my car was like brand new! Thank you Las Vegas Collision Center Center y'all are the best! Ps they had chocolate, coffee, television and comfy couches in the waiting area :)
All of the trees here were gorgeous and the staff was very helpful in finding the perfect one for us!
So far this is the cheapest place to do your smog test that I have found . Just come when you are not in a rush. Smog is not all  they do and Can get busy. Over all they are nice and friendly.
Great amount of BBQ for an affordable rate and was very tasty. Also enjoyed their Mac and cheese very much!
I had the pleasure of trying Lazy Joes for the first time it was an excellent dinning experience! I must say that it was by far the very best Gluten Free fish I have ever had.I loved the seasoned French Fries. The Value you get for the all you can eat Fish and all you can eat shrimp was excellent.  if your dinning with a friend one of you can get the all you can eat fish while the other gets the all you can eat shrimp and then share it was amazing! The Cole slaw was also a highlight of the meal. the only down side is its a small restaurant so large groups of more than six  may have a hard time sitting together. I recommend Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips
Loved District! Abundant selection of drinks to choose from and they were ALL very delicious! Nice place to chat with friends and the staff was courteous! Definitely recommend District as a perfect night out!
Arturo was efficient, professional and very honest about what needed to be done!  He made sure to show me what he was doing and he showed me what needed to be repaired!  His prices are very reasonable, and he is good at what he does!  He takes pride in his work and reputation!!  Thank you Arturo for fixing our plumbing issues!!  I will definitely refer him to everyone!!!!
The service was excellent!! The food was delicious. I had the catfish and it was yummy, fried nice and crispy and juicy!! My sides where yams, greens and red beans and rice!  Yams were seasoned perfectly, greens were very flavorful and the red beans and rice was full of perfect combination of spices!  I will definitely come back again!  My hunnie had the smothered chicken with brown gravy, it was a good balance of seasonings and the gravy was full of flavor, it definitely provided a good balance to the chicken!!  He also had yams, greens, and he had black eyed peas which was delicious !!!  The cornbread muffin they serve reminding me of my mama!! So definitely 2 thumbs up!!  We will be back!!
Braddahs is a very friendly staff!! She let us taste test the food!!  It's so good, I had the bowl with seaweed rice with half Kalua and half steak with the beans and salsa!! Onolicious!!  You must go eat!!!
Food was delicious I had the Yellow curry 2 hot level!! Delicious, we also had the Mongolian chicken, had lots of meat, yummy!!  Also had wontons for the appetizer and ordered the sweet n sour chicken !!!! Very good food, very good service!!!!
Decided to try this place for the convenience (in our hotel) and the lobster mac & cheese.When we arrived, there were four young ladies (staff) at the hostess stand talking to each other.  We were asked how many in our party, but they didn't shift to customer service mode very quickly. Our party of four stood there awkwardly for a bit before being seated.  It took a bit for our server to show up to the table, but he was friendly and helpful when he did.  He was knowledgeable about the menu and the Yelp check in for a free (house) beer (when you order a burger).  After we ordered, he delivered the house popcorn that had a little spice kick to it...pretty good stuff.   We didn't have silverware and napkins... not sure which staff is responsible, but neither the hostess who seated us nor our server noticed.  We had to get up and ask for it from someone after our popcorn was brought to the table (hence, we'd been there a while)...I had the Rising Sun, an Asian fusion burger made of kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado - cooked a little rarer than my requested medium well, but fine with me.  It was pretty tasty!!Two people ordered the lobster mac - one said it was okay and one said it was really good.The atmosphere is lively with a DJ playing a variety upbeat of music.  Overall, the food is good but the service needs improvement.
Solid choice for an Italian dinner choice in the area. We liked the burrata appetizer, truffle pizza, squid ink seafood pasta, beef papardelle pasta. Sundae for 2 was just ok, We enjoyed the small donut with cremes and steak salad during our prior visits. Service was ok. The pricing is above average/high side.
Would recommend this cozy place for weekend brunch. Went here with a group of 6 adults and a toddler.  We tried their bennys, grilled cheese, pancake and brunch Mac and cheese as well as the truffle mac and cheese.  Everyone left with happy faces and full tummies. The meals aren't cheap but good value for the taste, quality and serving size. Good location.
We had the big daddy pancake and chemini mushroom sandwich for Sunday brunch.  The portion size and food taste were ok but not worth the price. Bacon was very salty. Service was slow and inattentive.
We love the double fromage cheesecake (delicious but don't think or the calories). It's like a frozen cream cake so make sure to put in the freezer before you serve or it will be a messy blob.  Limited quantities baked each day. Worth $20! The Japanese style cheesecake is good and comparable to uncle Tetsu. I just wish they had matcha flavour. The place has a few seats  but they only sell whole cakes / tarts,not per slice. Drinks are just grab and go.
My favourite spot for my matcha dessert fix. i love the daifuku! Also like their soft serve ice cream, and mille crepe. They always run out of cheesecake. The place is small with limited seating. Lines can get long too.
What a pleasant surprise! Since visiting Peru a few years back, I've been searching for a good Peruvian restaurant here and Los Chicos Brasa is the best and most authentic one I've had so far. I know it's more knowm as a chicken place but we chose to skip it's signature dish and go for the more "authentic/traditional" Peruvian meals. Standouts were: - Ceviche: strong lime taste with mild spice, and the seafood they used was really fresh- Lomo saltado: really tender beef and tasty marinate- Jalea: deep fried seafood goodness that's great for table sharing- Arroz con mariscos: generous heaping of rice with just a generous heaping of seafood The only thing missing was a pisco sour (which would've been perfect for the meal), but I guess you can never go wrong with Inca Cola hehe. Anyway, if you want a taste of Peru, highly recommend going to this place, maybe even skipping it's signature chicken dish, and go straight to the classic Peruvian cuisine.
I don't get it. This place is almost always full and a lot of the diners are Italian families, so I was expecting the food to be amazing like the restaurants in downtown Little Italy. But it was a big letdown. We got the oreccheiette aromantica (pasta with crumbled sausage and olive oil) and the crespelle napoletana (crepe pasta stuffed with different cheeses bathed in tomato sauce). Both were average at best (oreccheiette: dry sausage, pasta was on the hard side of aldente; crespelle: good flavour but too much sauce that it was almost a bit soupy). Maybe this place used to be great, and you can see hints of it in how the dishes tasted. But how they were cooked definitely didn't do the recipes justice. Too bad, was definitely hoping for more.
The lobster tower is the definite go-to. We were expecting it to be rubber-y because of how much lobster there was. But credit to the kitchen: it's cooked really well and has good flavour (we got Hong Kong style). The rest of the food (we also tried crab and side veggie and noodle dishes) are just ok.Also, definitely reserve beforehand (it's packed most of the time) and make sure to have some confirmation (they kept insisting we didn't have a table booked until I showed the confirmation receipt). Despite the hassle though, the lobster tower was worth it.
Overall, an amazing dining experience.The food and service were exceptional (thanks Olivia). We went on a Friday evening and enjoyed the patio seating (can get noisy though with the cars). For our appetizers, we got:- The octopus, which was grilled perfectly (ie, not rubbery) and the sauce was really tasty. Portions were a bit small though.- The grape leaf wrapped feta with figs was interesting. A bit salty, but how it was put together was pretty and we love figs (biased us).And who doesn't love feta cheese?- The bread basket (half portion), which was a very good size for 2. The melanzana dip, feta cheese, and olives were great matches to the different types of in-house made bread.For our mains, we got:- Sea bream , which was part of their daily seafood menu. You could really taste how fresh the fish was, and the simple flavour/cook highlighted that. There are choices for seasoning. With everything we ordered, 1.2 lb was enough for 2 people. We didn't order the sides since we had the pasta. - Seafood linguini (half portion), which had a good ratio between the seafood (mussels, shrimp, clams, squid) and the pasta. Also loved the cook of the pasta - perfect aldente.For dessert, we got:- The special, which was a cherry pie type phyllo pastry dish with marzipan filling, ricotta ice cream (made in-house). I found the pastry was a bit burned on the edges (bitter after taste) but my husband liked it.- Fig with honey and yogurt sorbet, which was a definite show stealer. Generous helping of figs, just the right amount of honey to give the right level of sweetness, and the in-house yogurt transported us to Greece. Delicious and refreshing.. .perfect!Finally, Olivia's service was very attentive without being obtrusive. The menu was well explained, dishes and cutlery were replaced quickly after every course, lemon was provided with water, etc.I'm definitely adding this to my "must go back" list!
Our go-to dinner place to celebrate special occasions. Yes the food is expensive but you get high quality, taste and service  I like the foie gras appetizer, braised beef entree and souffle dessert. My husband enjoys their seafood offerings too. Creative French influenced cuisine at a beautiful dining area and thoughtful service.
Wonderful local find with top notch fresh seafood and warm staff. We ordered the seafood platter to start - pricey but the variety and freshness made it worth it. We then got a bowl of lobster chowder and the cold lobster roll (which came with salad). The chowder was ok. The standout was really the lobster roll. Huge chucks of lobster, no fillers, warm bread - pure heaven. Dessert was homemade - just ok. In terms of the staff, they are friendly, attentive and obviously love to work there. Overall a great find!
Before anything else, a couple of tips: - Sit at the counter. I know it's not conducive to a 'date atmosphere', but it was a pleasure watching the chefs slice the fish. You also get a lengthier explanation of things. - They recommend eating the sushi with your hands and without dunking it in soy sauce. I know this may make some uncomfortable but I would definitely recommend it. Not adding soy sauce just let's you appreciate the fresh taste of the sushi. And the benefit of eating with your hands? This may sound a bit weird but it actually makes you acutely aware of how the taste of chopsticks 'ruins' the sushi. I guess it's kinda like those places where you eat in the dark and become hyper sensitive to the taste of the food. Here, eating with your hands gives the sushi a more 'pure' and clean taste (irony not intended hehe). Try it out!With that said, I agree with much of what's been posted here and don't really have much to add:- The quality of the food is top notch. I got the sakura course (where most of the sushi was from Japan) while my husband got the seasonal Canada 150 menu (where many of the ingredients were from Canada). While both menus were sourced from opposite sides of the world, both were thoughtfully put together. And the food was flat out fresh - you can really taste the difference from other omakases and is worth the extra $.- The interiors are beautiful wood, the noise level is appropriately quiet without being stiff, and the staff are quick to serve without hovering or stifling the experience.If you're willing to spend, would definitely recommend Shoushin's omakase.
Tsujiri North York is now open! It brings the same goodies from the downtown location - soft serve ice cream, mille crepes, double fromage cheesecake, daifukus, cream puffs, yuzu tarts - with the added bonus of a much prettier (though only slightly bigger) seating area. Its location is also very convenient (5 min leisurely walk from either the Sheppard or North York Centre subway stops; street parking is much easier vs downtown). And while there may be other Asian dessert places in the area, nothing beats Tsujiri if you want your matcha fix. For newcomers to Tsujiri, you can't go wrong with any of their soft serves or (my personal favourite) matcha daifuku.
Maybe this is one of those hit-and-miss type sushi places because I have no idea why customer after customer came in to get their take-out orders when I was there. My husband and I both got the bento boxes (beef and salmon) and were completely underwhelmed: - The beef was tough and the salmon was really, really dry- The side tempura had really thick batter covering a very small shrimp/veggie (maybe ratio was 3:1 in terms of amount of batter)- The side California sushi, while big and a good amount of rice, had shredded imitation crab meat (versus a full portion)- The side salad was average, though it was good they gave avocadoTo top it off, the service was slowed down because they ran out of rice! The server offered to bring the side stuff out first, which I guess is a way of managing the situation. But that was only after we had been waiting for around 20 mins and, I mean, how can a sushi place mistime cooking rice?The only reason I don't give this a 1 star is it's relatively cheap compared to other sushi spots. So I guess if you're just looking for something to fill you up, this will work. But if you're going for taste and value for money, there are a number of much better sushi options nearby.
Lab Sense ice cream is good! I'm not sure if it tastes any different because of the nitrogen (I sometimes think this just makes it look more dramatic and nothing else). That said, it does taste really creamy and some of the flavours are really good. My favourites are the tiramisu and strawberry cheesecake. Why only 3 stars then? Well it's a bit on the expensive side ($6.50), not all flavours are available all the time, and while it's good I've had better ice cream. That said, it's worth trying at least once, if just for the (smokey) experience.
We had a good server (Chris) so we were surprised with the  comments about the negative service in yelp. We had the parmessan fries, ribs dinner and Texas brisket sandwich. But what were truly amazing were the smores milkshake and strawberry doughnuts!
My husband and I enjoyed our experience in this pretty authentic Portuguese place. We had the Portuguese sausages as an appetizer, which had a tasty sauce. For our mains, we got the Francesinha (artery-clogging meat/cheese/gravy sandwich oozing with goodness) and the house specialty which was the grilled octopus (a tad salty but definitely tasty). For dessert we got the coconut creme and passion fruit mousse - both were a nice balance to end the meal. Definitely recommend of you want to try out Portuguese cuisine.PS: I can see why everyone is raving about the olives - they tasted really fresh!
Really hate to do this since the servers were trying their very best to cater to our needs (e.g., asking us if everything was ok, being diligent about giving us water), but the food at this place was awful. Granted, we didn't order their signature chicken soup. That said, the dishes we got were really bad: the short rib patty was really salty and didn't have any other taste, while the chicken dupbap was the complete opposite in that it was really really bland. We thought it was just us but then overheard the people at the table beside us also complain about how bland their food was. I hope for Koryo's sake that they're just ironing out the kinks since they just opened recently. But if the best thing you can say about a place is that it's servers try their best to compensate for how bad the food is, I don't have high hopes.
Make a reservation or prepare to sit at the bar or wait. This place gets really busy especially during Oyster nights. Its a good thing they now have a second floor. We prefer Nome iver Kinka Izakaya formerly Guu, which is around the corner.  Good value for the tasty and creative dishes. Ok Sangria. Service is generally quick and competent. Receptionist could improve.
Summer time at Baton Rouge means two things: the ever reliable ribs (great sauce and slow cook) and the summer focus on lobster  (we had the lobster sandwich, which was better than expected and definitely comparable to the ones at some seafood-focused restaurants). Kudos to Amanda as well for the wonderful service.One "tip": We've been to Baton Rouge for both lunch and dinner, and the ribs always seems to taste better during dinner. Could be a coincidence, or could be a better cook during the dinner shift :)
I remember the first time I came here almost a decade ago, and thought it was such a wonderous little place. Time hasn't been kind to this Little Italy dessert stop. The cannoli (original flavour) and gelato (baci and banana flavours) were both just ok. The waffle was a bit limp, though the sprinkling of nuts and spread of nutella were pretty generous. Service was also slow despite the fact that there were hardly any other patrons there. Sad to see a once lovely place seem so mediocre.
Plays up the cute presentation and ambiance. Will not come back- overpriced food and drinks, average taste and inattentive confused servers. Much better options in the area...save your money for something else.
Pretty but a tad overhyped.While the food is undeniably good, it's not that different from the other high-end French restaurants in the city. And while the focus on seafood was welcome, and the cook of the food was skillful (the Eurobass En Crote was excellently done so the meat was juicy; the Pommes Aligot is a definite must if you like cheese, mashed potato, or both), it wasn't an amazingly different experience for us.  All the dishes we had were beautifully presented and expertly executed. Given all the hype though, we were expecting new flavours and experiences, and were left wanting just a bit more.
I don't get the fuss with this place. I went for brunch and the food was mediocre at best. - Ceci et Cela: Just a collection of different things (ie, salmon, avocado, ham, egg, gruyere) that you feel you can throw together yourself since they didn't really do anything special with any of the components- Bread Pudding French Toast: generous serving, but really dry so that was a waste- Barry's Burger: tasty, though not distinguishable from any other good burger in the cityAlso, the service was subpar when I went. If the best thing I can say about a place is the decor was pretty, it's definitely not worth lining up for in my opinion. So disappointing considering all the hype.
I discovered this spa through a groupon promotion some time ago and I have become a long time  regular. I go to Natalia for monthly facials. She is very knowledgeable on skincare and provides the treatment with sincere warmth and care. Very professional, competent, pleasant. This place provides excellent value for money. They use quality professional products such as Pevonia and have great machines/technology for treatment. The place is small but recently reorganized/designed and clean. This is a place where I get the most value for top facial service and relaxing atmosphere. This is not a spa that spends more on their interior design or space. It is conveniently located close to the Bay subway exit.I highly recommend In Beauty Spa Yorkville for the wonderful experience I've had with Natalia.
Good Filipino food with a home-cooked feel. Much more traditional than Lamesa (which is really more re-imagined upscale fusion Filipino food), Lasa offers the typical dishes you'd find if you stopped by and had a family meal in any Filipino home. Our favourites were the silogs (we had the chicken, pork barbeque, fish and tofu versions, all paired with egg, rice and some veggies) which were well cooked, had generous servings and good value for money ($12 for each silog!). The desserts were also interesting - ube flan with pinipig had a nice crunch, while the ice cream scoops were from a local brand (we got the mango flavour - and if you've ever been to the Philippines, you know it has the best mangoes in the world!). Overall, would recommend going to Lasa if you want at taste of the simple and traditional Filipino meal.
Need to really improve the service. Have been here 3 times and have tried both dinner and brunch menus. Subpar service meant long wait for dishes, some members of party not getting their food for a long time, frantic waving to get any server attention and some dishes are not served hot anymore or rice comes out delayed  (a no-no for a Filipino meal). So why 3 stars? Good taste and value for a downtown meal. Their interpretation of Kare Kare (beef), Chicken Inasal, and Pares and Tapsilog for brunch were good. The ube waffle looked nice but needs more ube taste. The chicken with the waffle was crispy enough. Drinks were ok. Please really improve your service since it's a major turnoff which is a shame considering what you are trying offer in your menu.
Save your money and time - don't bother trying this restaurant! While the servings were generous,  taste of the food was mediocre. Not authentic. Service was terrible and there were just 3 other tables in this huge place so they can't blame it for being busy when we were there. To give you an idea -- one of our our orders was a platter with a variety of burritos, tacos and enchiladas. Asked the server to clarify what meat was inside each one (my husband would eat the ones with  chicken since I don't eat chicken) , the server said "  Just use your knife to slice them open to determine what type of meat is inside."  Wow...I think they need to be trained  better to say the least! And my sangria came just as we were about order dessert after I had to follow up. At least they had the courtesy to not charge me for it.
I have gone to other acupuncturists in the past and I found that Rose is the best. She has helped me improve my overall health as well as treat my various issues related to skin, digestion, muscle pain and headaches. She tailor fit the treatments to address my concerns. I initially started with consecutive treatments and I quickly felt the improvements. Now I just go for "maintenance" (i.e. once every month or 2 months). Rose is knowledgeable, professional and caring.  She also does very good massages. I've recommended her to a number of my friends too - good value and results.
Overhyped. If the only good thing I can say about Lena is that the architecture is captivating, then that's a big problem since I don't go to restaurants to admire the place. For while the interiors were beautiful, I was quickly turned off by the curt service (it was busy but I don't think that's a valid excuse) and the average-at-best food (generic at best, bland at worst). I'd spend my money elsewhere if I were you.
Pleasant and friendly service.  We had the calamari appetizer (great), vegetable soup (not good), pistachio goat cheese (ok), chicken penne (tasty but small), Eton mess and molten chocolate desserts (just ok).  Expected more because of the other reviewers but it was just an average meal for the price.
Enjoyed their Sunday brunch buffet for  $39. Thought it was better value and experience than the brunch buffet at Collette's. You can taste their effort to execute on Farm to Table principles. The spread wasn't as varied but you can taste the difference. Quality and delicious meats, cheeses, kale salad, scones, breads,creamed polenta, fried chicken, sausage and bacon, oysters, ceviche and smoked salmon. Can order fresh  pancakes and omelets from your server. Heartwarming dessert table offerings and coffee/tea. Service was pleasant and attentive.  A good way to relax and indulge on a Sunday!
I absolutely loved this salon! Nara who did my nails took her time and made sure they were perfect! I had a hurt pinky and she worked extremely careful and was able to complete the fill! I love my nails! They are perfect down to the shape! Thank you!
I have had nothing but pleasant experiences with AG! The customer service has always gone above and beyond to make sure my orders were accurate and arrived on time. Also, all employees in store are always more than helpful!
I planned a dinner for my colleagues and I for our first night in Scottsdale, and the experience from start to finish was phenomenal. I worked with Tommy, and he was great to help suggest menu items and was very flexible with our group and reservation. The chefs cooked us special mini versions of the appetizers they had on the menu so that it was easier to share with the table and all of the food and drinks was delicious. I eat out a lot and work with restaurants a lot for my job, and I wish it was always this easy to work with them!
Do not waste your time and money. Wish we saw reviews before waiting an hour and a half to receive an incorrect order of crap quality food. The best part of our meal was the soda and marinara sauce. Microwave pizza is better than this.
Gluten free fish and chip heaven. Husband is a celiac. Tried the cod, the halibut and the trout. Ordered the fish tacos too. Way too much food!  I shouldn't order when I'm hungry. Everything was fresh, crispy and delicious. The onion rings were the most surprising. Will come as often as our waistlines allow!
The prices are super reasonable! $2.95 weekdays with mid afternoon dim sum at $2.60!  Weekends are $3.20 for most items. This place is very old school complete with little ladies pushing carts and calling out specials. For non-Chinese speakers you can ask to peek into the bamboo steamers before ordering. The decor is a little dated but that didn't matter to our party. The food was hot and fresh and that's the most important.
It's exciting when you getba heroes welcome but after a while the loud atmosphere and constant screeming gets annoying. The food is really good thou, probably a better place to go for drinks or a group party but not on a date
The food was good but is not worth the price , especially the portions served. You pay a price of a full meal but they give you appetizer dishes. $80 later and you're still hungry.The servant was very rude annoyed and unhappy for whatever reason.
Very tasty place if you like a fine cousine from a middleeastern kitchen.if you know middleeastern kitchens they serve a full plate on every order. The food is not only good but also plantyfull which that place was lacking. Felt somewhat dissapointed with the portions. Shakshuka was nice but shouldn't be priced that high, it's not a complicated dish and charging extra for extra bread is just silly stupid. Overall portions resemble appetizers for the price of a main course. The food is pretty good though
By far the most delicious, fresh sushi and sashimi I have tasted in GTA. Not only that, the pieces are huge , barely fit my mouth. Highly recommended
Probably as close as you can get to quality middleeastern shawarma in the gta. By far the best place for shawarma . The place got renamed to famous laffa after the co owner split from dr. Laffa and this soecific place has undergone "renovations" that made the place smaller than what it was before. I'd give it 5 stars if there were more tables to sit and better quality service.
Very friendly and delicious Japanese cousine.  Highly recomended if you want a quick bite or anice dinner. Quality sushi and sashimi along with other food options.
Awesome quick service, my mom got locked out of her car, we called Scottsdale Locksmithing and they were there to help us in 15 minutes! Amazing! Joe was great!! Thank you!
I fell upon The Pedal Bike Shop after going to 11 other Bike Shops within a 20 mile radius. I was immediately greeted by a gentleman named Bryce. He was so helpful and knowledgeable, never once being pushy. I had in my mind the idea of what I was looking for in a beach cruiser, which was why I went to 11 shops! Bryce listened to my needs and customized the bike that I fell in love with! I was so happy! ...I was so impressed with Bryce's level of customer service that I went back the following week and started looking for a beach cruiser for my daughter. Once again, Bryce put together what my daughter would love! I will ONLY shop at The Pedal Bike Shop from now on. The selection of quality bikes, accessories and prices are unbeatable! I saved a couple hundred dollars shopping here, and I'm telling you I priced out everything and did my research even online! The speedy service and friendliness that I received from Bryce immediately made my 10 year old daughter a fan! I tell everyone to go see Bryce now! Thank you! ...I will be back next month to purchase a bike for my son's Birthday!
just enjoyed brunch at the Wynn Buffet! all i can say is we are full! Food was descent and deserts were really good!
booked the hotel for new years, over the phone they said check in is at 4 & they wont allow us to check in earlier we came in at 4am the night before the gentleman in the front told us we can check in at 8am with a 14$ early check in fee, we went ate at their cafe and gambled at the casino, went back at 8am checked in with no fee! Rooms are huge, clean, comfy, and amazing! thank you Tuscany only thing i didnt like was the Employees at the Casino they stare ate you while your gambling as if you are a animal! they need to stop staring at you while your playing, other than that everything was a 5
in vegas like usual all restaurants are full and pricey so we were super hungry walking in the casino when we walked by Yolo, foood was delicious! i don't really dig Mexican food but this place was amazing and affordable! Thank You
Had my done with them for three years now, they are amazing. They always take time to explain everything. Make you feel like their most important client at all times. Can't beat their prices and get a REAL CPA not some two week trained " tax pro"
We called for a quote, a service man named Dave said he was close to us.  He dropped what he was doing, came over and fixed the issue in less than 10 minutes and wouldn't even take the $50 service fee.  Amazing customer service!!!  We're definitely customers for life!!
The absolute worse.  I wouldn't recommend any board signing up with this management company.  They have so much turnover nobody knows what is going on over there.  They promise the world and then deliver nothing.
Stayed here on a Sunday night.The property is huge. They have at least 4 different swimming pools, and jacuzzis along with play areas for the kids and picnic tables.Check in was quick and the staff was very nice and attentive.Since I was only staying one night, I decided to reserve for  a studio.When I checked in, the staff informed me that they ran out of studios and were upgraded to a 2 bedroom/2 bath. Woohoo!The condo as I say was huge along with a nice balcony that had table and chairs. It had a full kitchen and even a murphy bed besides the 2 bedrooms.Definitely planning to come back soon.This location is off the strip but definitely worth the drive.Thanks WorldMark Las Vegas!!
Stayed here on a Sat night.It's off the strip by the convention center.Found a good deal on travelzoo..$98 a night with tax already.Plus $50 food credit. They had valet which was nice.Hotel deco is modern and contemporary. I asked for a higher floor with view of the Wynn and Wynn's golf course. Room was a good size as well as the bathroom.I would definitely come back..minus a few things.-On the morning of check out the maid decides to come early.Okay I mean she decides to open my door without knocking. Thank God I was already dressed.-About 15 minutes later I think it was the hotel manager that came by and knocks on my door. She asks if we are okay? And I respond yes we are okay. I'm wondering why she is here? Then she says okay take your time checking out. Then I say what time is checkout? 12pm..It was only 1045am..so weird whatever!-Lastly we decided to try the buffet at the Envy Steakhouse.The lady seats us at a table which is right by a wall...well there was only 2 of us and I wanted to sit in a booth.I politely ask could we have a booth instead. And she quickly responds..oh all the booths are reserved for. Really then why is it that by the time I finished eating there were so many booths that were empty?
I was so excited to hear they opened a Serendipity here.It was a must to come and have a frozen hot chocolate.We arrived in the afternoon and it was packed for a Monday.We had to reserve and wait, but the bar seating was open.It was a treat to sit there because we were able to watch the bartender make some yummy drinks.We had a glass of sangria which was fresh and just good.The frozen hot chocolate was just as I expected. I tried the Peanut Sin City Frrrozen Hot Mocha which had a shot of peanut rum.We also ordered a cheeseburger and sweet potato shoe strings.The sweet potato shoe strings were off the hook. I haven't had sweet potato fries like that.Definitely will come back!
One of the worst resorts I have stayed at in vegas! Check in desk associates were rude during check in and check out. All kinds of charges put on my room that didn't belong to me. Celebrated my son's 21st birthday and I thought they do a little something special for him but nope nothing! My daughter stayed at NY NY and she even got a surprise gift when she said she was there celebrating his birthday.  Very very disappointed all around. Bell hop gentleman was the only pleasant person we interacted with.  Will never stay here again because of the bad hospitality
Great Place!  Vinyl is awesome!  The owner is kinda rude all the time though.  Other than that will always be a fan!!
I'd recommend asking for Demetri if you are looking to plan a bachelor party! He has been a big help in coordinating a great weekend for a large group of 25 guys. Any questions I had were answered almost immediately, and he has been helping me plan for months. His customer service is top notch!
Great service here! Friendly staff and they did a great job! My iphone 5 screen was terrible and they fixed the screen in under and hour!
If you choose a restaurant based on service alone, this is your place. But I don't know too many that do that. Our server, Amanda, was attentive and wonderful. I've never met a macaroni and cheese I didn't like until now. The cheese was more like the queso we had at Yolos the day before and had no more than 10 small macaroni noodles in it. My husband likes the creamed spinach. The Caesar salad lacked some flavor. The steak was kind of mealy tasting and the Parmesan crust is a waste. The crust just falls off when you cut the steak and it's too thick a slab of cheese. The lobster was also kind of chewy and lacked some flavor. Disappointed in this especially considering the prices you pay at steak restaurants. The grapefruit Moscow mules are delicious.
Sat at the bar and had great service. The food all lacked flavor which is disappointing bc you expect so much flavor at a Mexican restaurant. We had shrimp fajitas and the shrimp were cooked perfectly but it needed some spice and/or seasoning. Same with the guacamole, no flavor. Good salsa and chips though.
I've been here twice; the food and service are fantastic. Always get the jalapeo poppers!! My acai lemonade was a bit too sweet this time but everything is so good here. We tried the hot dog this time; best hot dog I've ever had.
Great beers! Mussels were fantastic. Pierogies lacked a bit of flavor. Cheesesteak was okay. Parking is minimum but it's definitely a great experience; they did a beautiful job keeping the traditional and making it their own
L&L is always a go to. But this location is horrible. The guy behind the counter looks like he hates his job. And the food gets 1.5 out of 5 stars. Pretty bland. All the soda tastes funny like the lines are dirty. DEFINITELY WONT BE BACK. AND WOULDNT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE. NOT EVEN MY ENEMIES.
Poor service. Took 15 min to get a take out order. Will never go back. They didn't even care about their customers.
Simple and easy process! Tech came out to my home on a weekend, allowing me to not miss work. The service took less than an hour and was done well.The $100 cash back I'll get as well as the lifetime warrantee make this a great place to go!
This is my new addiction! Took some friends and family here to celebrate my mom's birthday, it was her first time and she had a blast. Our first chef Poncho isn't at this location any more which we were disappointed about but ended up having another great chef named Sam. He was funny and the food was great! I tried grilled shrimp for the first time and I am a fan. Our waitress was awesome! On top of everything, funny and she told us Sam was the head chef and that it was an honor to have him cook our food and that she was so glad we got him, seeing that it was the first time for almost everyone in our group to try a place like this.We have also had dinner on the patio when it was cooler out and enjoyed it too. I will be eating here often.Thanks Hayashi for always making my dining experience fun and delicious
I went to Party Planet (In Goodyear) today looking for invitations and not only did they have the invites I was looking for they were cheaper than another party store that is going out of business and has everything 50% off! They have great customer service and are family owned and operated. They also price match competitors ads.Party Planet does cakes and rentals. Their website has coupons for rentals, cakes, etc.I will be coming back to get the birthday cake, party supplies and balloons!
Cracker Barrel is one of my favorite restaurants! They always have the best comfort food. My five year old daughter loves their pancakes and my husband usually gets the special of the day which is always different and so tasty. I love mama's pancakes with peaches. We always have great service when we come here and I can never leave without walking through the store.
My husband and I were looking for a second car and were having a hard time getting one through the big dealerships. Equity was our last try at getting a vehicle and I am glad we made the choice. Our sales man Joe was great! He told us to test drive every car we would be interested in to make sure it was something we wanted. He had a great attitude about our 8 test drives especially in the hot Arizona heat. I would recommend Equity for anyone looking for a good deal on a used car. Ask for Joe, you won't be disappointed!
The hostess are terrible and need to work on their customer service skills, our waitress did the bare minimum and the food left something to be desired. This is the second bad experience at this location. I will not be coming back
The customer service at the Avondale location is terrible!Lets start with the Vet. We brought our puppies in for their shots and the vet was so rude! She question why we got two puppies, where we got them and why didn't they have their shots? Then she preceded to lecture us on what a big responsibility it is to take care of one dog let alone two and that she doesn't know how we are going to potty train two dogs. My husband and I are not stupid, we have grown up with dogs which our parents still have to this day, we know what it takes to take care of a dog. Now lets talk about the receptionist. We had to listen to her life story while taking forever to get our payment and give us the next appt.We got a call when getting ready to head out for the next appt. telling us that they scheduled wrong and that they couldn't see us at our appt and to reschedule. This happened to us three times. After the third time we decided it was time to find a new vet.
My husband and I booked a room on Easter weekend. This was our first time in Vegas and couldn't be happier with the stay at the Jockey Club. We weren't sure what to expect from reviews we had seen on-line because most people complained about the time share side. We never once had a run in with anyone about time share. The women at the front desk was nice, I informed her that we had never been to Vegas and that we would love the opportunity to upgrade the room to a view of the Bellagio fountain and she said that all the rooms with that view are book, when we came back to get our key she said she gave us the best room she could find with the view of the fountain, we really appreciated that she took the time and effort to meet our request.The room was big with a full kitchen which we did not use. Bed was comfy bathroom was nice and the closet was huge with a safe.You can't beat the location, you are right next to the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Paris. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the room is a bit outdated. I know they have rooms that have been upgraded it just depends on when you go if they are available.We had a good experience and we will book our next stay at the Jockey club.
If I could give this zero stars I would! I placed an order online at 8:15, Online said it was going to take an hour. That seemed like a long time but we were not in a rush. At 9:40 my husband called to see what was going on and they told him the driver was in an accident and they are getting another driver to bring the pizza. Called back at 10:15 and it was a different story, when they finally found our order they said it was cancelled 6 minutes before I called. We never cancelled the pizza. Spoke to the Manager Brittany and she said they could not figure out if someone took the pizza or if it was even made so they cancelled it. Mind you we never received a call about it being cancelled only the last conversation about a "car accident" and that it would be on the way. Brittany did not care that we had been waiting for a pizza for 2hrs! They need to get their shit together at this location! I will never order from them again.
Margharita pizza is delicous, great owners. You can watch you pizza get made in the brick oven. We have been here twice and will defanetly come back.
Me and my husband love this village inn. We go here at least once a week for their honey mustard pita club, there is nothing like it. The service here is awesome. We have never had a problem. We also get a pie to go and some times go just to get a home made pie. The sugar free apple pie and French silk are delicious. I would recommend this village inn location to anyone.
Geez, what happened here since my last visit (mid-2015)???  Long line and only one register open.  Finally made it to the register after 15 minutes.  Easy order: 2 classic Smash burgers, order of Smash fries, vanilla malt, chocolate milkshake.  Received the burgers after 10 minute wait (acceptable), but no fries, no malt, no shake.  Stopped an employee after waiting several more minutes to ask about rest of order.  He had to ask the guy cooking in back who had to ask the guy at the register (they lost my ticket)....they were all confused.  Gave them my receipt as proof of my complete order.  Got fries but had to wait another 10 minutes for drinks!  Vanilla malt had large chunks of ice, burgers were way over-seasoned.  One small piece of lettuce and 2 extremely thin shards of red onion topped both burgers.  Such a huge disappointment!  I used to come here frequently and touted this place as the best burger ever.  Burgers used to be "stuffed" with lettuce, onions, etc. and tasted incredible.  Malts and shakes were to die for!  Sadly, not true anymore.  No one there seemed to be in charge.  Will need to find somewhere else for my burger fix!  :-(
Mario, Shane and their entire group there at Red Brick are simply THE BEST!  My husband and I moved out of the country last month and were faced with the difficult decision to rent or not rent out our beautiful home in the gated community of Las Sendas in East Mesa.  Our biggest fear was finding tenants who would treat our home as well as we did.  After speaking with several other property management companies (some who were terrible at returning our calls), I stumbled upon Red Brick Property Management after reading some of their stellar internet reviews.  At my initial consultation, I met with Mario Montoya.  I was impressed with his eagerness to help, professional demeanor, and promise to find great tenants.  We had a few repairs that needed to be made to the home in my absence, and Mario and his associate, Shane, came to my rescue when I could not be there to ensure that the work was done properly.  They also had a second foundation company come and do an inspection (at no charge, I might add!!!) after a company I hired in December told me I needed thousands of dollars worth of repairs to my foundation.  It turned out I needed no repairs at all...just changes to my irrigation system.  My husband and I were very pleasantly surprised that Mario and Shane were able to find fantastic tenants almost immediately, and with more rent income than we anticipated!  These guys will work their butts off for you!  HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I contacted Polished Nail at the last minute (while on a trip to Scottsdale) when I looked at my nails and realized just how nasty they were looking (I like to pick at and chew my cuticles, and I still had the remnants of silver polish from several months ago)!  I decided it was time to treat myself to a really good manicure, so I Yelped "manicures" in Scottsdale and pulled up the top rated salons.  I called the first salon....no answer after 8 rings so I hung up....never do business with any company who doesn't answer their phones within 3 rings!!!!  The second salon could not get me in until late the next day.  My 3rd call was Polished Nail.  The call was answered immediately, and I was able to snag an appointment an hour later with Sharie.  This is not a stuffy resort spa-type salon, so if that is what you are looking for, this is not it.  The location is in a strip mall just off of Scottsdale Road.  I walked in, was very warmly greeted and was immediately shown to Sharie's station while she grabbed her tools from the place where they were being sanitized.  I ended up getting a fabulous gel polish.....no doubt the best my nails have ever looked!  I don't know what a previous reviewer was talking about (she must have been confused with a salon in North Carolina!), but I was amazed how careful the entire staff at Polished Nail was with clean equipment and tools.  Everyone there was incredibly warm and friendly.  It is very obvious that they care a great deal about doing an EXCELLENT job, exceeding your expectations, and making every customer happy.  I definitely will be back on my next trip to Scottsdale and will book with Sharie.....she is a  SUPERSTAR!  PS...BONUS: very, very reasonable prices!
Vahe is simply incredible!  I think this guy can fix ANYTHING!  He repaired my laptop in record time and was very reasonable.  Highly recommend!!!
Beautiful, clean salon with some of the friendliest, nicest people I have ever met.  I was very warmly greeted, and offered water and coffee by Aami.  Vicky did my gel French manicure, and I was blown away by her meticulous attention to detail.  Simply the best manicure I have ever had.  My nails looks gorgeous!!!  I definitely will be back!  Tip: they will take a debit or credit card for the service itself, but they ask that any tip be paid for with cash.
Called Triple B late this morning since I was tired of having issues with a temperamental garage door and remotes.  I was thrilled that Roderic (and his assistant, Irish) would be able to come out same day for repairs!  They were extremely professional, knew the exact nature of the problem, showed up when promised, gave me a good price, and the work was completed in an hour.  I always try and seek out the very best repairmen...will definitely keep Roderic's business card taped to my fridge with the rest of the best!  HIGHLY recommended and without hesitation.
Just celebrated my second appointment with Katie.  I have medium brown hair with some gray, but I also have ash blonde highlights...very difficult to keep looking natural.  On my first appointment several months ago, Katie slightly changed the blonde formula to a more becoming color, and blended it with lowlights (to complement my gray and brown) so the grow out is hardly noticeable.  She is truly a "Master of Color!!!"  I had so many compliments after my first appointment that I have decided to keep Katie FOREVER as my stylist.  She does great cuts as well.  You should know that a great colorist will not get you in and out quickly...they will take their time to ensure that your color comes out perfectly, checking the chemical process inside the foils periodically.  It is a 3-hour appointment for me since I have a ton of hair (about 70 foils!!!) and it takes awhile for the color to "come up"....but so incredibly worth it.  I've paid much, much more in other salons only to be disappointed and feel ripped off.  I highly recommend Katie...she is such a pro!
These guys rock!!!!!  I'm about to embark on my first mini-curtain project.  Got loads of advice and even a super discount on the last few yards on a bolt of fabric.  Love this place!  Highly recommended.  TONS of gorgeous fabric!
These guys ROCK!!!  They are professional, honest, ethical, go the extra mile, do what they say, repairs are fairly priced, and I know that my car has been thoroughly checked when it comes in for any routine maintenance.  My first encounter with Sun Devil Auto was back in September (on a 109 degree day!!!) when my car broke down in the Safeway parking lot across the street). I went on foot begging 2 other local auto repair places for help, and they all said that they were too busy to come and look to see what the problem was.  My last stop was Sun Devil Auto.  I was almost in tears, and was really worried that they would also be too busy to help.  Scott and Jay would become my knights in white armor!  They had one of their technicians (the incredible Alex!!!) stop what he was doing on another car, and had him drive me back to my broken down car to find out what was going on.  Alex quickly discovered that my battery cable had broken.  He was able to replace it in the parking lot, and my car started right up.  The charge for this incredible service was under $50, and saved me a tow truck!  Sun Devil Auto will have me as a "forever customer."  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED...I won't go anywhere else!
Disappointing, to say the least.  Mediocre (cold) chips and salsa.  Good Margarita (I upgraded to Milagro tequila).  I asked my waitress what she recommended (beef fajitas) and tried everything on the plate, but I will not be bringing the leftovers (lots!)  home.  They can put in the garbage or "re-gift"!!!  I don't understand how/why this place has so many great reviews....no atmosphere, run-of-the-mill Mexican food, average service.  Will not be returning...too many really good Mexican food restaurants in the valley.
Only had 30 minutes between classes at the Arizona School of Real Estate, so decided to give this place a try since it was so close.  WOW!  I am so happy I did!  It is so hard to find healthy, organic fast food, but the salads here are simply off the charts.  I do not typically eat any fast food.  I'm not looking forward to my last RE class...I'll have to find a Salad and Go in east Mesa!  PS...portions are large (typically 2 meals for me), and I've found the employees are eager to help with suggestions, changes or substitutions.  Have only tried the Southwest and Greek salads, but can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  WINNER!!!!!
These guys rock!!!  Had preventative service on my AC unit done early this morning.  ROBERT and KALEM arrived promptly, were extremely professional, very friendly, and even took the time to teach me about my how my air conditioning system works.  I had closed the doors and vents in several rooms because I ASSUMED it would be easier on my Trane unit...boy, was I clueless!  I learned so much about how to get the most efficiency out of it...and save money on my cooling costs.  I highly recommend Arizona's Dukes of Air, Robert and Kalem!!!
Bellisario's Automotive was an absolute life saver. My passenger side mirror glass went missing and after the recommendation of a friend, I went here to get the repair done. The quote was accurate and Joe (the owner) was extremely kind and helpful in getting the parts necessary and getting my repair done as quickly as possible. The repair was done exceptionally. While I hope I won't have to come back, I will definitely be coming back here if anything does happen to my car again.
was very amped to try this spot after seeing it on Food Network, my expectations were not at all met! i would like to know how they ever got on diner, drive-ins and dives in the first place! i ordered the strawberries and creme waffle and it was a joke. ridiculously small for 9 dollars! also i had to ask for syrup!! what diner serves a waffle with NO syrup?! i also decided to try the fresh lemonade and that was a mistake as well. the mint added to it is overpowering, it tasted like facewash. i changed my lemonade for some fresh OJ, slightly better but not what fresh orange juice should taste like, it was quite bitter. overall i wouldn't go back here even if my friends were paying.
This place is horrible!!! So unorganized!! They have a bunch of ditzy airhead girls working the front desk and the entire staff talks to you as if youre an alien!! The first time I came, I felt like I was on some hidden game show... They even made me sit in the lobby for 20 minutes with the numbing cream on my chin! Really?!?! The only reason I'm back is because I have a groupon to finish out! With that said too... They totally skimped on the laser treatment!! I wanted my chin/jawline and they said the could only do the immediate chin and the jawline would be an extra $25/side!I will never come back here nor recommend it!!!!! No wonder they need groupons and living social deals to stay in business!!
I just purchased my 2nd new spa from Dave.  Since an auto accident in 1998, I need the spa every morning!  So my spa gets used a lot. My last one was purchased in 2007, (From Dave), it was still running well, no problems, but we wanted to update. I didn't need to shop as I know Dave has the best deals!  He sells so many spas he gets discounts from the vendors that he passes on to his customers.  He even bought my old one!  A large selection at the Pecos store to check out.  I'm sure I will go see Dave again in another 10 years for another spa!  The spas are high quality, good pricing, and excellent customer service!
This is my go to landscaper, but they do more than that!  I can text Randy and explain what I need and he'll get back to me soon.  I had another company redo my cook deck.  I asked Randy to re-rout my irrigation system that I suspected was leaking, and consolidate valves.  Randy came up with an excellent plan to cut my large concrete slab along my property line and run the irrigation pipes there.  That way if there ever is a problem, it will be easy to fix, and no more demo is needed.  This was a very involved task as it was a reinforced slab.  Excellent Job!  I have no hesitation to recommend Chandler Lawn & Gardens to anyone.
Pretty decent food, I was pleasantly surprised. Huge portions on the salads. I mean, huge. For real. Great service. The chicken tortilla soup was thick, way heartier than I expected, but good nonetheless. And fish tacos were good too. The rice and beans? Take it back. I can do better from a can or a box of instant. Oh, btw, my friend got sick and threw up a little later that night, but I'm not sure if it was the food from here cuz I ate the same thing and felt fine.. well, you've been warned!
Meh.. For the price, I expected a lot better. I still stuffed my face though. Cuz, well, you know, it's buffet..
cheap, good, late night food. try the oxtail soup!! the won ton saimin was good too. it's a $20 cab ride from the strip and the downtown area is a little sketchy looking (compared to the strip), but if you have a car, go for it! the oxtail soup is only served from 11pm-11am, though.
My cousins went here a couple weekends prior and said this place sucked. I shoulda figured it'd just gone downhill in the last year. Or maybe I shoulda checked my previous review first. My dumb ass ordered the bun bo hue. Shoulda gone with the fried pho. Maybe that's still good..
Ugh soo disappointing! Ordered Cajun chicken salad but got the Buffalo chicken instead. Ordered takeout and didn't check it before leaving! It's okay tho cuz I *almost* ordered the Buffalo chicken salad anyway. Well, the chicken was hella dry and bland except for the buffalo sauce. I also ordered the Cuban sandwich which was okay. Too much BBQ sauce. Why do they call it a Cuban sandwich? It's more like a BBQ sandwich with a slice of ham. The pickles in it were good and I liked the bread.
this review is for happy hour. ooh, i like that the happy hour was available throughout the restaurant (some places just offer it in the bar). heres what i think of the appetizers we had:shrimp tostada bites - okay goodspinach quesadilla - okay goodcatfish tacos - okaydumplings - good pluscornbread - excellentalso tried a couple drinks - margaritas. this place is good for the drinks! also noticed that shortly after happy hour ended, the place emptied quite a bit. so it seems like a lot of ppl come here for happy hour. then again it was a weekday.. our friend, a local, did mention it gets pretty busy on friday nights..last thought: decor kinda reminded me of a southwestern cheesecake factory.. go figure.
I liked the french toast. And the tuna melt. It wasn't too greasy or mayo-y. Could've benefited from some veggies tho. The potatoes were good too. Great service. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but if I was in the neighborhood, I'd stop in again.
Why did I go here?!! Oh right, I was lured by all those yelp stars and didn't take time to look at pics or read the reviews. The brisket was not tender and juicy, I had to work to tear into it with my teeth. Ribs were ok, I prefer it to be more easily detachable from the bone. Mac n cheese was very very meh, I'd rather eat boxed Kraft. Collard greens were good.
BEST THAI EVER!!! Every item we got was delicious! I had read a yelp review saying that the coconut rice was amazing, and it was! As was the panang curry, pad Thai, and oyster beef and broccoli. Will definitely be back...many times!
After moving away from downtown Toronto, and having places like "For the love of Cake" at my disposal, I didn't have high hopes for the cupcake shops out of the big city.  Dolled Up Cupcakes are hands down some of the best cupcakes I have ever had, and that says a lot as I love cake!  We love having a reason to celebrate, just so we can get cupcakes from there.  NOTE: If you are set on cupcakes of a certain flavour, and quanity, make sure you order a day in advance.  I have shown up well before closing time to find them closed as they have simply sold out.
When I moved from Toronto to Mississauga a couple years ago, I knew I would have to find a new hair salon (something I hate doing as I am very faithful to the service people in my life).  I found Aria salon randomly on Yelp, and decided to give it a try.  I am so happy that I did as it is even better then the salon i went to in Toronto. Alyson is the best, and I now have my sister and mother in law going to her as well.  Tammy, in the spa, is also fantastic- my go to for nails now :)
I am a bit of a butter tart connoisseur, and  was skeptical that these tarts would live up to the hype. Well they are unlike any butter tarts I've ever had. Flaky Pastry with a chewy, toffee like centre-this version is seriously addictive. They make delicious empire cookies too. Overall a fabulous little bakery!
I WOULD GIVE 0 STARS IF I COULD!!!!!!This hotel is horrible!!! We came for a wrestling tournament for our son and went with Harrah's because,  mainly, it's close proximity to the monorail. We ended up in rooms in their "new tower". The renovation is poorly thought out, to say the least. No mini fridge. So good luck keeping your $5 bottle water cold. When I talked to the "customer service manager" he told me that no hotels on the strip have them. (I know this to be totally false) The bathroom situation is a lawsuit waiting to happen. The shower head is incredibly weak with almost no water pressure and the shower stall is only half enclosed. Looked cool, but the water from the shower head splashes right out onto the VERY SMOOTH tile floor, causing it to be VERY SLIPPERY! Another issue with the bathroom was the fact that we DIDN'T HAVE HOT WATER FOR THE ENTIRE WEEKEND!!! When I called the front desk to address the issue they sent up a "engineer" to fix it for us.  He informed us that because of construction going on below us,  they had a section of the water turned off. Therefore,  we needed to run the water for AT LEAST 30 MINUTES to get anything resembling HOT WATER! He also informed us that we were far from the only people to be complaining. On top of all that nonsense,  we were never able to connect up to the WiFi,  THAT WE HAD TO PAY FOR!!! We also called front desk to ask about that and it still never worked. And when our son called for room service,  an hour before they closed,  he was told the only thing still available off of their extensive room service menu was pizza and the only dessert was cookies. Excuse me,  WHAT?! At check out, I asked what the "resort fees" were.  I was told it was for WiFi and local calls. Since we couldn't use the WiFi and made zero local calls, unless you count the 6 calls to front desk, and A LACK OF HOT WATER FOR SHOWERS ALL THREE NIGHTS WE STAYED THERE. I asked those be refunded. To put that in perspective, we paid almost $1400 for 2 rooms for 3 nights. The "Resort Fees" were $34.01 per night,  per room. Totaling $204.06... You would think,  in the name of customer service, that they would have said yes. CONSIDERING WE DIDN'T HAVE HOT WATER FOR THE ENTIRE STAY. But they did not. Because I didn't call front desk to complain about the water EVERY TIME,  they would only refund for 1 night,  per room. Then when I lost my cool and demanded the manager. He said he would take off 1 more night per room for the lack of WiFi. NOT FOR THE LACK OF HOT WATER FOR A SHOWER. Again,  our son was in a wrestling tournament all weekend.That poor kid wrestled all day long and was denied a nice hot shower because this hotel neglected to tell people there was a problem with the water. THIS HOTEL IS HORRID!!! You are NOT anything more than dollar sign to them. DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!! IT'S NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE AND THE MONEY!!!! SHAME ON YOU HARRAH'S!!!
Believe the accolades - total professionals at every stage. Best movers I've ever used. We used them twice in a month - to downsize to a condo and to load up a POD. Both times they went above and beyond.Would highly recommend them.
Believe the glowing reviews - Vladimir is the real deal. He had to make a special trip back for my part and never once got negative. Then, he didn't just fix it but he went to the root of the problem with our cooktop and stove and probably saved us from a fire or at the very least another repair. I'm so glad I found him - I will be sharing his number with my friends and neighbors.
The food for dinner service was excellent. It's perfect for a date or to bring the whole family. The service was top notch all the way around. The food was amazing we were a party of three and ordered three different items so we could get a feel for the place. Everything was perfect. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Marsala at a level 5 spice. I love when a place gives you the option of how spicy you like your food from a scale of 1-10 because they make it fresh from scratch. I can't wait to try the lunch buffet. The bill was fair considering an upscale restaurant, top service and quality food.
I'm @ panera 5 days a week and its always five stars. All the staff and management are great. Nick, Luke and Angela are always more than helpful. When it comes to food it's hard finding a place that's consistent. I highly recommend the bagels they are soft and fresh and perfect to start the day.
This place has an excellent atmosphere, clean floors/tables, great service and perfect pizza. The variety is the key because you can just keep coming back and experimenting with all the unique combinations. Personally I like the jalapeo and the margarita. Don't forget to save some room for the tiramisu. This is a great spot for a date, group of friends or the whole family. I felt like I was at home as soon as I walked in and was greeted promptly. The place is upscale quality with reasonable pricing which always makes me happy. Also the portions were hearty and not skimpy and you can tell that the meat was fresh and well prepped and not just thrown on at the last minuet like most pizzerias are doing these days... Overall I just had to give a five because the place is so well rounded and after multiple visits the consistency in quality really won me over.
Go see Max auto and compare the price it will seem impossible that there's truly an honest mechanic in this world but its true I assure you. When I first arrived I saw a Lamborghini and Ferrari up front I thought I was in trouble but I guess even millionaires like to get a good deal on auto work because Ali had me out the door under an hour with ice cold air condition I couldn't believe it the price was nearly half what anyone else was charging me and those guys were talking about two or three days to keep my car. Thanks to max I didn't have to take the buss and I'm literally chillin  in my Cadillac in less than an hour. My uncle came next everyone was swearing he needed a new starter in his car and were talking in the hundreds of dollars max checked it out it needs a module not a starter see guys who know cars will fix the correct part his car is still running perfectly a year later and the starter was never changed !!!!! Go to who knows their business and knows how to take care of their customers don't go to the guys who want to change the wrong parts.
This place is not a five it's a 10 ! You can not beat the tamales here no matter how hard you try. The tamales are stuffed full of juicy meat not all just full of corn meal !im talking stuffed to the max with the best juiciest meat it's unreal !! The green sauce is so good I can drink it down out of a glass. Everything is made in house and all original recipes !!! Amazing just amazing really I can't get enough. Sometimes I just order a dozen to go with a large container of green sauce and take it home. The best Tamales in the world !!!
Just went to greens and proteins because it was recommended by my neighbor. First of all the place is spotless and the staff is friendly. I was skeptical because healthy food tends to be poor in taste but this is not the case at G&P. The chocolate and peanut butter shake was excellent and I had no clue there were vegetables mixed in. Then the meal came out and wow the whole wheat French toast was scrumptious ! This place has completely changed my mind about health food tasting like cardboard that's for sure. The owner himself even came out to greet me and ask how my meal was. I give five stars for the original recipe, the cleanliness of the establishment and the fact that the owner has direct involvement in the operation. This is always indicates that someone takes pride in what they do and wants the best quality products/services for their customers. I'll be back soon.
Love it love it love it chicken is off the hook. I've eaten here a hundred times and never been disappointed. The consistency is the key because you know the quality is always there and you don't have to think twice. Too many places have different cooks and its hit or miss. The chicken is amazing the pulled pork sandwich is very nice as well. Go in grab a half chicken with honey mustard sauce and let me know what you think.
Excellent quality food, the sandwiches and soups are always hooked up just right. I'm always customizing my orders and they are always coming out exactly how I ask. I order delivery to my business and to my home. The manager Joe is on top of his game he must be double checking the orders because they never come incorrectly. I highly recommend the broccoli cheese soup and the Cuban press. The chocolate chip cookies are always soft and freshly baked. Thanks to all the staff for making the food consistently and delivering on time !
This is a full five star restaurant. The service is as good as it can be and the food is always on the level. This place really goes out of its way to put that little extra something on the plate. Whoever doesn't like Juan's just simply doesn't know good Mexican food. I have been eating here from the day it opened and I'm not going to stop anytime soon. Thanks to all the staff at Juan's ill be back soon as usual. Highly recommend the breakfast burritos and the chimichangas !!!!
I am from New York originally and until now I couldn't find edible Italian food for a reasonable price in Las Vegas. When I make large delivery orders they always throw in some garlic knots or cookies on the house !!! I have tried everything on the menu and haven't found something I didn't like yet ! The food is always on point and even after I moved farther away they still deliver to me all the way out on trop and fort apache ! I love these guys because they know the value of their customers and they show their appreciation by taking extra care. The sandwiches are always fully loaded and the meat is quality. Thanks you guys for giving me a taste of home.
My daughter had her wisdom teeth removed by Dr. Krieger. She was very scared going in but Dr. Krieger made the process pleasant and painless. She has made a quick and full recovery and is back in school after only three days. The whole staff was professional and made this experience as easy and smooth as possible. Thanks to everyone at canyon oral and facial surgery !!!!
Tower club is classy. Even though the environment is really upscale the prices are still fair. I'm in on the monthly plan, unlimited hair cuts. This works best for me because I keep my hair very short. I haven't had a bad cut yet. My schedule is really crazy but they always get me in even at the last minuet. I've been to every stylist and barber up there over the last 3/4 months and they all take their time and make sure the job is done right. I recommend them for anything to do with men's grooming needs. I can't honestly review the ladies side but from what I've seen they offer every possible service and being that they are always busy thats usually a good indication.
My favorite breakfast place in the neighborhood. I know the staff well after all my visits they call me by name. I'm here twice a week for breakfast or lunch. I recommend the biscuits but everything is great. The key to this place is that everything is made from scratch including the sauces that come with the food. The customer service is excellent and the prices are super reasonable. The lowest prices in this area by FAR. Go to original house of pancakes your paying for every single thing A la carter.. ok I think the bastards even charge for butter and syrup separately 47 dollars for a two person meal. My cousin and I were at biscuits to burgers the other day had breakfast for 19 bucks out the door. Better quality then the competition and at a realistic price. The place is never too crowded that you don't get the proper attention from the staff and you won't be waiting outside for 30 minuets like at OHP.
Called for a pick up and was told 10-30 minutes. At 30 minutes I called back dispatch apologized and said 10 minutes. 10 minutes later I called a 3rd time and dispatch said no time frame and no apology. Said she would make a note about 3rd call. No wonder everyone uses Uber and Lyft now!
Good food, great coffee but even better service.  The bar maid was exceptional and went above and beyond.  I didn't get her name but she was ber cute with curly hair :). Super sweet and made us feel at home.
I was very disappointed in the service I received today at this location.  I walked into the store and I was ignored when  I walked in.  His head was buried in his iPad.  When a rep finally came up to me, he answered my question and just walked away.  I had more questions!  After I made a selection to purchase, I waited for 15 minutes until finally someone else stopped to see if they can assist me.  I didn't mention I was in this store at 12 pm today....it wasn't even busy. No excuse for the nonchalant service.  I will just take a trip to the South Park location next time! By the way, the guy that helped me the first time was still all into his iPad when I left.....
I have been to this location several times and it has been good each and every visit!  I always end up with a Berry Bowl or The Simple One smoothie.  These are great starters bowls and drinks.  Staff is a friendly and helpful bunch.  I am excited to have a healthy option in this part of town!
Green With Envy has the best and cutest items ever!  They have a great variety of items and they even gift wrap for purchase for you!
I'm so in love with their salted caramel brownies!!
Delicious burgers and fries! I'd never had poutine before, and now I'm afraid it won't be as good anywhere else because the fries made it fantastic. Wish we lived in Montreal, we'd eat here all the time!
This place is fantastic. Large portions, delicious food, and friendly service. Wish we lived here, we would frequently come here!
We had dinner here last night and were sorely disappointed. We asked for crispy wings and they came out almost soft. Then my Greek salad came out with white iceberg lettuce (only) when it was said to have Romaine. It was soaked in dressing to the point it was soup-like. If it hadn't been so busy/packed, I would have sent the food back.
The woman bartending tonight was incredibly welcoming, even shared her nachos while I waiting for my food and tended to the other customers in a fashionable manner :) the cook there tonight did an awesome job on our order. Thanks for the great first impression guys, I will be coming back every so often to grab some dinner!
Well, just stayed there over the weekend and you get what you pay for.  If you want a cheap hotel on the strip,  this is it.  Dont expect anything fancy.  This was a classic room, one tv with basic programming, normal bathroom, two regular noisy beds, out of date furniture and that's it.  I didn't like that you could hear almost everything and I mean everything from the room next door thru the room connecting doors. This is basically why I gave a three stars rating.  I think the hotel could do something better to improve this.  The fire sprinklers looked rusty,  I assume these get tested.  Sorry but I just couldn't keep the 1980 MGM fire out of my head.  We did see improvements on the Fun Dungeon area, my kids loved it. The staff was nice and helpful.  The "want a free show" people are kind of annoying. We probably heard that at least 20 times a day. Most likely will look for a different hotel next time we go to Vegas.
Pulling up in a lyft was a bit questionable due to the shopping center this restaurant is in, but I am so glad I went in. Service was fast and the Lobster Eggs Benedict was delicious. This place was also very reasonably priced! Coming back for sure.
This has been one of the best hotel experiences I have had. Door staff is incredibly friendly, as is the front desk staff. Rooms are essentially new and are incredibly well decorated (wish my house looked this nice). While I didn't get an opportunity to eat at the Blue Hound, I did have drinks there and it was definitely a nice environment. Will be back in Phoenix this January and I will definitely be staying here again.
Wasn't expecting anything spectacular here, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a build your own roll place with pretty good quality. With the selections you can only produce the rolls you may find in a grocery store, but at a better price. Definitely a great quick meal place.
Attempted to enjoy this restaurant twice when it was Extreme Sushi and was disappointed both times. With the change in ownership and name I thought it was time to try again. I had high hopes, but again they were not met. The service was ok, but nothing exceptional. The selection on the menu was good, but the actual food was disappointing. The rolls were creative, but piece size and ingredient distribution were inconsistent. The Sushi pieces were small and the rice didn't hold together. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I expect perfection when it comes to sushi and only one place has met that expectation... Kobe Sushi on the 215 and Rainbow.
If you are after food court quality pizza than this is the place to go. They have other options outside of pizza which I don't have an opinion on as I only tries the pizza, but I can't imagine the quality to be much higher. Interior is hot and not very clean.
Couldn't be happier with their work or prices. Just got my car done and will definitely be going back for my windshield and my wife's car.
Installation was exceptional, as was the customer service. I often find it difficult trusting my home to anyone, but the way the handle themselves, understand their product and offer advice put me at ease. I would recommend their services to anyone in need of quality work and products.
While I will continue to eat at this establishment, I will only do so because it is the closet Chicago food place near my work, otherwise I would completely avoid this place due to its outrageous pricing. There are better tasting and cheaper options all over the valley.
Stay away from this place! There is a hang running this place! We were on the guest list n already paid for the package. After keeping us an hour in the line, they tried to charge us 55 per person to get in!! We ended up getting VIP Table service at Tao for half a price for out group of 15! Font screw up your night at Vegas!
Stay away from this nightclub!!! There is a gang running the place. We were on the guest list and already paid for the package, and they tried to charge us $55 per person after keeping us in the line for an hour! We were a group of 15 (equal ratio) and ended up getting the VIP Bottle service at Tao for half a price! Don't screw up your night choosing this club!
My friends invited us to dinner here as our one fancy dinner night in Vegas. I'm a steak lover and enjoy going out for a good steak. I wasn't that turned off by the prices as I'll pay good money for a good steak.First off the service was very good. Waiters were attentive and friendly, hence the second star.However, the food was not good at all. I have to say the only thing that was tasty were the buns they brought to the table. The steaks were flavorless and all 4 of us at the table agreed that the meal was sub par. Those steaks might be worth 1/3 of the price they were charging. I know it's Vegas and you pay a premium but I can guarantee you a better meal at another restaurant for a fraction of the price. We paid $225 per couple for 3 drinks, 3 sides, and 4 entrees. Pretty dissatisfied.
Reasonable prices, knowledgeable staff, and from my experience, great customer service and support. An air tank turned out to be the wrong one for my needs and after discussing possible modifications to it, it turned out the best option was to return it for credit on an exchange. Strongly recommend!
Save your copy of your receipt and note your tip and total! I noticed when the payment cleared the bank, it was for more than I left. Both ours and our friends' were changed by someone at the restaurant to increase the tip. Called and the manager will reimburse it, but we won't be back.Atmosphere not very good, otherwise just so-so.
Staying at the Aria and stopped here for an early dinner as soon as we arrived on Christmas Day. Restaurant was only 1/2 full, but we were told the wait would be 20 minutes, so we opted to sit at the bar. Service was quick and we watched a basketball game. We ordered the salmon spring rolls for an appetizer. These were top notch...salmon, cheese, and basil fried in a slim roll with sweet chili dipping sauce. I ordered the Pad See Ewe (spelling?) at a spicy level 3 out 10 and the man ordered Pad Thai with Chicken at level 5. The Pad See Ewe was just ok, I'm not sure it was meant for spiciness and it also needed more veggies! The Pad Thai was excellent! Only real issue was the bartender, who doubled as our server. He was loud and ignorant...we found many of his comments to be inappropriate and offensive.
Tasty, but BEYOND greasy.  Being from Chicago, we are pizza snobs, but this was by far the greasiest pizza we've ever had.  We both had a to-go slice of the forager (white pizza) to bring back to the room.  The box and three to four napkins were soaked with grease before I could take a bite...I was glad I had a sink to wash my hands and face when done, but it was quite tasty, just not what I'm used to.  Because it's so limp, they should give you a fork and knife with purchase, as it's very difficult to eat with your hands  But I'm a pizza diva.
Awesome food and awesome service.  We arrived around 8:45am on a Friday and waited about 20 minutes, not too bad.  Our server, Lonzo, was quick and knowledgeable.  We ordered the famous Chicken and waffles and the corned beef hash breakfast.  Both did not disappoint.  Hash House A GoGo is WORTH the wait Vegas Diners!  It is inside the Linq Hotel, on the second floor.
Choose Aria Cafe for breakfast on our last day because Aria doesn't really offer much else for breakfast other than the buffet and Starbucks. We were pleasantly surprised at the quick service and quality of the food. Our server was very professional and attentive. We each got an omelette, the ham & cheese and the Ultimate Omelette, which had shrimp, goat cheese, and asparagus. Both came with two hash brown "cakes" and toast. The hash browns might be the best I've ever had! It's a little pricey, but what isn't in Vegas!?!?
Only stopped in for a drink, but would definitely come back.  The atmosphere and service were spot on.  You walk in and automatically forget you are in a casino with the quiet irish background music playing to set the mood.  You cant go wrong with a glass of wine and a pint of beer, but we were very happy to escape the sounds of slot machines, smell of smoke, and catch the end of a football game on their big screen for 30 minutes,
There is not much else to say other than Babystacks is hands down AMAZING. I come here at least once a month, if not more. I am never disappointed. Service is always on point. Clearly, all of the employees enjoy working there because they are always in a great mood. The food is also freakin awesome. I've tried so many things on this menu and have never once been disappointed. One of my personal favorite breakfast foods is biscuits and gravy and Babystacks has the best plate of biscuits and gravy that I have ever had. If you want an outstanding breakfast, go to Babystacks.
I've lived in Vegas since July and was super nervous about finding a new hairdresser. Unfortunately, waiting too long to get a haircut when you have a pixie means you start to grow a mullet. So, it was time to finally suck it up and go.I found Priscilla based on her amazing reviews on Yelp, so I researched her work and decided I liked what I saw. She was SUPER accommodating, getting me in within 48 hours. I got my hair trimmed and added some caramel highlights to my medium brown hair. She did an outstanding job!!! I left feeling like myself again and I am still so happy with the job she did. She was so friendly, conversation flowed very easily (we all know how awkward it can be sometimes) and I left feeling like I now have someone I can really trust to continue to do my hair. I highly recommend Priscilla! She is awesome.
If I could give 0 stars I would. Literally the worst Starbucks I have ever been to. The staff were so incredibly rude I could not believe it. Shame on you, Starbucks manager at Craig and Jones, shame on you.
No reviews & open 24 hours, 7 days made us very leery to order but gave it a shot. Pleasantly surprised. Crust was excellent...not too thick. Great taste, good cheese & fast delivery.
I was in vacation in Las Vegas for my birthday, and I knew I wanted to see a modern burlesque show. I bought my tickets in advance at halfpriceshows.com so my tickets were around $40 each for VIP seats. I wanted me and my boyfriend to sit up front, and I heard the seating wasn't a theater setting, so I wanted to be sure seeing the stage was not a problem. They are slow letting people in, with VIP, you get in a separate line in the front. So that was cool. The seating was compact, but with VIP or a higher priced ticket, you get a table in the front , or a booth in the back. I felt bad for those who had general admission, they were seated in the corner, right behind people, or had no table. So I recommend going to a discount site and get VIP or above seating to ensure you can see it all. Me and my boyfriend loved the show. The girls had their own beautiful look, nice shape, not all perfect looking. Some had curves, some were slender, all kinds of different breast sizes, not all implants. The routines were cute, and sexy, they played different types of music from hip hop/pop/rock/country. Wasn't corny. I'm a professional dancer myself so it wasn't top notch choreography, but still, the routines were fun, professionally done. Some dancers had more skill than others, but all the same, sexy topless women bending over and shaking it was all the while exciting. They had pole dancing, chair dancing, solos, lap dances, and a rope dance that had me wanting to take some lessons for! The crowd that night was stiff as hell. All the men had their arms crossed and the women were blank and uncomfortable. When they offered volunteers to give lap dance to audience members, some refused! It seemed like me and a few other people were the only ones cheering and clapping for the dancers! They do more with encouragement, and besides, Beautiful topless women are supposed to excite you! So I don't know what happened. If you're looking for a stiff Showgirls/Can Can girls type of show, this isn't the one. X Burlesque brings an element of natural sexiness and skilled dancing to allow for a more hip and edgy appeal to exotic dancing. I recommend this show to  adventurous couples, bachelorettes who are curious about women or who want to take notes on some moves, and to the boys looking to hang out and watch an enticing strip show without the lap dances.
I went to the Bank the night of my Birthday on a friday night. I got in free on the guestlist with 3 free drinks, I got my boyfriend in 50% off.  The club is soo swank and fancy. The crystal chandaliers hanging all over the place! Looked bigger in the pictures tho. The bartenders don't like it when the girls have their free drink passes, they like tips, so when I bought my boyfriend's drinks for him along with getting my free drink, they were nicer, it helps when u tip them while requesting your free drinks. I like that the top floor had railing with a long table to set drinks on and lean on when there is no place to sit. People are fighting for their edge of the rail, so stay strong on your section, so you're not just standing around. Plus you get a great view of the entire atmosphere from the top railing. The music was a mix of old school hip hop and recent day techno. You're not gonna hear no durty south in here folks, these are hip hop hits from the late 90s to the early 2000s Deathrow, Luda, Jeezy, Junior Mafia etc. I'm black, it was cool with me, So I had all kinds of high school throwback moments! It was a mixed crowd, where everyone was dressed classy. If you look tacky, you will not be let in, so look your absolute best. The shot girls are dressed cute, and they are also the go go dancers, and they offer shots for tips, no set price, which is fun. I was there when DJ Havanna Brown was there, so it was quite a treat.
I went to this spot on my last night on the town. I didn't want to go to a huge club, but something fancy and chill. This place was it. First off, IT'S FREE. No cover. 2nd, PLACES TO SIT, ladies u feel me on this one. And its fancy and swank. I loved the indoor river w/bridge, so awesome They have the Cleopatra sculpture out front, and it was decked out in egyptian art on the inside. Me and my boyfriend got a table where we danced, drank and laid back. We're black so we only dancing to stuff we will dance to. So when our songs weren't playing, we were people watching. This club is an excellent place for that. The music was diverse from Jackson 5 disco, to JLo Techno, to Nicki Minaj hip hop. I recommend this place to anybody no matter what generation of music they come from. Everybody was still dancin. I recommend the waitresses clean the tables more promptly. There were so many abandonned tables that patrons had to clean off themselves because it was not kept up after service. I had to ask a waitress to clean up the table for us. But it was OK. It was taken care of and we partied the night away
I stayed at The Jockey Club for my birthday this month. I get this resort through my timeshare, and I'm soo lucky to have it! I got a whole week there, but only stayed 5days. Be sure you google map directions to the entrance, it is very very hard to find. They have a small sign now on Las Vegas Blvd. in order to see the entrance but look very closely, it's right where The Cosmopolitan entrance is. Although the hotel is literally hidden, it is the best location ever. No need to worry about crowds all through the resort, It's nestled between the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan in the middle of all the action. Beautiful view, if you request one, you never miss a fountain show. It saves so much money to have a kitchen. Me and my boyfriend cooked breakfast every morning, with some lunches in between. They have a little makeshift grocery store in the resort in case you run out of groceries. And when I say fully equipped I mean fully equipped. There is a HD plasma TV in all the rooms, DVD player, and MP3 player. Walk in closet. Kitchen had every tool needed to make a meal and blended drinks. Full amenities are provided by the cosmopolitan. Access to the pool and casino with an private elevator that connects to it from the jockey club. We went to the cosmopolitan pool because they are currently fixing up their pool by making it bigger and more luxurious. They have a mediocre fitness center in the resort, but it was ok, they're remodeling that too. Hopefully it will be done soon. Be ware of the timeshare sharks in the building. They literally harass you. They do offer free stuff to listen to their presentation for 2hrs, but I was in a hurry to party, I wasn't interested in anything free in exchange for my time. Besides, I already had timeshare there, but they didn't care, they still called, and stopped me in the hallways, and asked me over and over again. Be prepared to say 'no' for as long as it takes. But It didn't bother me too much because I was out and about having fun. So I said no as long as they kept asking. I recommend this place for people that are on a budget for their trip. The downfall of having timeshare room is that you do have to upkeep the room, make the bed, clean the dishes, because they only clean the room once a day to replace towels and sheets and such. You can only request a full cleaning of the room after your third day there, after that, you're on your own unless you want to pay extra for a daily clean up. The cleaning tools (vaccum, broom, sponges, dish soap) are all provided. Still, I enjoyed my stay. Especially all the money I saved! The guest services are very pleasant, the room is fancy, the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. Even though it wasn't a 5star resort, it had all I needed to satisfy my trip. It's like a 2nd apartment almost. I won't be staying anywhere else but The Jockey Club
Location, Location, Location, Great views, right on the edge of Old Montreal within walking distance of the old port.   I have stay here several times, the beds are so comfortable I did not want to go home. It is great for kids. Only wish they has a tub, it they had they would have received 5 stars from me.  Staff is awesome. Pool or should I say three pools, a regular pool, freezing cold pool and a hot pool. I have been to montreal many time and this is the only hotel for me now!
The food is excellent. They have a pre fix menu which is the best choice. Every time I have been here the service, food and ambiance has been outstanding. Not a place for kids and when I am in Montreal with my kids my only regret is not being able to dine here. Everything is cooked to perfection and the food melts in your mouth. A little on the expensive side but worth every dollar.
The Location is good but not what I expected for the price.  The rooms drastically need an overhaul and are very small. I expected a lot more. It is outdated, the Lobby is the nicest part of the inside of the hotel.
I am not a fan of bugs, but this is a great place to bring children.  The exhibits are well presented to make it interesting for children. Not for Adults that are sqiurmish.
Food was good service sucks. Prices on the menu are wrong n they dont care. Girl was like ohh we printed too many so we havent change them
Favorite pizza place. Great pizza, salads, everything on the menu. Great service and they do delivery too. Good prices.
Very good hot dogs. True Sonoran hot dogs, fresh ingredients, friendly service. They have the mexican coca colas and lots of more. Really  this place. Ohh and on winter they serve champurrado
Come on man spend 30 dollars worth of shrimp twice already because i thought they made a mistake the first time they fry it. Got home today ready to eat freaking shrimp hard as a rock. How long do you have to leave the shrimp in the fryer to make it gross and inedible? Pay attention to what u r doin, not coming back
30 minutes on hold thats crazy. Worst customer service ever. On my way to atl wings and im still on hold, just want to find out how long that girl is gonna take. Whatever guys never going back at that place with my family
Service sucks especially on the phone a girl that every time she sounds stoned gettin the orders wrong. Not paying attention when u r paying with card. Love pizza hut hate this location. Please somebody do something about it!!!!!!
Would not stay here again, and I'm not very picky. We booked online and arrived early for check in. We were given a room in bldg 28. I kicked a squished larvae out of the way as we walked into the room. The tile floor was very dirty and had not been mopped in quite some time. The carpet was not vacuumed. The room did not smell fresh and was generally dirty. The furniture was not only outdated, but old, dirty and torn. Briefly considered trying to stay in the room with my husband and 10 year old daughter and went into the restroom where I saw another large larvae writhing in the dirty floor near the toilet in pubic hair. I wouldn't stay there even if you paid me. I called the front and said "no way can I stay in this room" and they moved us to the same type of room, but near the lobby. This room was more of what I would expect at this type of budget lodging. It was *mostly* clean, but still outdated, definitely not what I would consider "nice". The pool at the front is nice and there is a waitress to bring you food and drinks. After seeing the first room, obviously we did not order food. The other two pools are a drunk free for all. If you find yourself thinking you might want to stay here, make SURE you will be getting an upgraded room near the front. The rest of the "Resort" should be blocked off until upgrades are made and they hire staff to actually clean the rooms.
I just got a sweet deal on their monthly unlimited wash plan. The attendant was informative and he made sure I understood how it works. Plus I like how they have towels for customers to use and plenty of spots to vacuum.
This branch always have long lines and one or two teller assisting the customers. I don't understand why it is like this all of the time. Right now there is one teller taking customer and a personal banker just watching or helping with the little stuff! Why isn't he processing transactions?! Then another teller left earlier for a late lunch or break. This is why I still have an account with Chase. They wouldn't let customers wait for 20-30 minutes.
I ordered the Char Burger and French fries. It was really good. I didn't want it to end. I was surprised by how it looked inside which has a modern burger diner feel. Plenty of room inside and out. I tried the Peach & Ginger Nectar. It was an interesting drink. Looking forward to going back.
They were clearly understaffed as the service was slow and infrequent.We came here hoping to get great steaks but were left very disappointed since we decided on a ribeye steak, supposedly a premium cut. Ordered medium-rare and it was served medium-well. The waiter didn't bother checking with the done-ness when serving probably because they always overcook their steaks? Only reason why we didnt bother returning it was to avoid food wastage. On the other hand, the duck confits are perfectly cooked. Will not mind going back for the duck but definitely not for their steaks. They should probably rename themselves to Confit Frites?
Kiesha was absolutely  amazing for the wedding! !! Her professionalism and beautiful  attitude when doing her art on my face made me feel so at ease and incredibly  beautiful  at the end.
In preparation for a dinner at Chocolate, I read several reviews in hopes of getting a glimpse into where I was dining. I wish I had allowed the negative reviews to hold water. There is one item that was great at Chocolate; the drinks. I do believe they pour the liqueur with a heavy hand in hopes that one will be too relaxed to care about the rest of the experience. The food was not good. The mac-n-cheese that other reviewers raved about was mediocre at best. Everyone makes good mac-n-cheese at home. If it is on a menu, it needs to be superior. Don't offer me a prosciutto add-on and sneak in a different ham-like product. At one point our waitress took the Parmesan cheese and pepper flakes off our table and gave them to another table, without asking if we were finished using them. Interesting approach to customer service. The dessert of selected shooters was not impressive. Nicely presented, but no flavor. I suppose if I was only going to look at the desserts I would have been happy. Our bill came only after I sought out the manager to print the ticket. I had to explain that 2 hours for a basic meal, not fine dining, was a bit much. Overall, not impressed.
We live on the Eastside and the drive can be considered "long" - 25 minutes - we loving going to Bruno's.We (a crazy group of 6) had dinner here last night for Christmas Eve Dinner. Though they didn't have any fish specials, Italian Christmas Tradition, they had their amazing menu. My husband, the Italian, wasn't upset with the change. The menu does offer seafood, just prepared as tradition.Our service was good for being a busy night, and light staffing. The bar menu was truly festive (a little heavy pouring keeps everyone in a good mood) and the food was excellent as always.
This is a Sunday Bruch favorite.Though the Dim Sum isn't very traditional, there are nods to tradition for those who perfer it. I am a creature of habit and get the same 5 items;  pork shu mai (spelling?), steamed pork buns, fried rice in the bowl, sesame balls, and custards. My husband is all over the menu; chicken feet, tripe, and jellyfish.Delish
A-Ok not to say I won't return, but it isn't my first place for breakfast/brunch. The breakfast menu is limited to egg sandwiches (about 6 variations), bagels and other assorted baked items. Not terrible, just kind of blah. Its also interesting that I was charged $2.50 for a medium sized cup of coffee, without refills. This on a morning that I hadn't had any coffee until 10 AM (kinda a bad hour to deny my addiction).. Overall, not a bad place for a cup of coffee and a nosh, but not a breakfast-y meal.However, lunches are a different review... Salads are FAB! very Cafe 56 inspired.
We went to menu6 as a birthday celebration. The restaurant was not busy when we arrived, which was due to the early reservation, but it never picked up. It was super slow. The atmosphere was dark on one side of the dining area and brightly lit on the other. Unfortunately, we were seated on the line of demarcation for the lighting challenges.The service and food were okay -nothing to rave about. All the orders were taken at the same time, but a friend has to wait an additional 10 minutes for her ravioli to come out. The salmon I had was "fine" the out-of-season asparagus was the best thing on my plate - the duck my husband had was overcooked.  The pricing reflected a service and taste above what was provided.I'm sorry to say that this restaurant has all the telltale signs of a decline. Low number of diners, over-staffing, and a recent menu overhaul. Hopefully, the manager/owner will revamp again, and Menu6 will remain open on Larchmere.
I found The Colorist by word of mouth 3 years ago. Obviously, I like the salon because I'm still going regularly.The staff is warm and welcoming. Willing to make suggestions for change, if you're adventuresome, or keep with your current style.The Colorist has been on the Fox 8 list for several years running for Best Color. I get my hair colored and have had several changes over the last few years. A highlight (no pun intended) for me is being able to pick from the extensive color selections and help concoct my personalized color.The salon tries, and succeeds, in keeping their pricing lower or competivitive with competition. A solid recommendation for anyone looking to change up their stylist.
My wife and I went to Bouchon for brunch with high expectations.  Unfortunately we got a late start and got there about 5 minutes before brunch was over and were told that they were now serving "Express Lunch" and had a menu thrust at us to review .  We were disappointed but our lateness was our own fault, so we figured we'd give lunch a try anyway. We were seated near a window and not far from the server station.  The restaurant was about 1/2 full and 2-3 servers were frequently standing at the server station chatting away.  The problem was that no one ever came by to serve us.  We waited 15-20 minutes and not even a glass of water was poured.During the 20 minutes we waited, no one else came into the restaurant.  As we walked out the host told us to have a nice day and had no clue that we were the last people he seated.  When I commented to him why we were leaving, he asked if I would like to speak to someone.  Apparently he was not a someone, just a somebody in an over sized jacket. I would have thought that he would have not even asked the question, but instead insist on bringing over a manager.The good thing about this is that as we walked back through the shops, we stopped at a little bistro that was serving both breakfast and lunch that had excellent service and very good food.  In the end it was a much better experience than I think we would have had at Bouchon, had we ever been served.Now I'm sure this review comes off as being a bit snooty.  However when you decide to dine at the restaurants in Vegas that are rated among the best, there are certain minimum expectations that you come with. To me customer service and food quality were big ones, and I experienced them every where else but Bouchon.
First off, expect to spend a LOT of money here. This ain't Black Angus or Lone Star. No $10 steaks here! Some friends and I went here to stay at a timeshare. Since my friend got the room, I bought dinner here for the three of us. We all got the filet mignon, a couple side dishes, and lots of drinks. The menu is a la carte, so it can get a bit pricey. But you get to choose what you want and the sides are enough to feed several people. The filets were amazing! They brought them out on a big cast iron skillet. Just the steak and nothing else. No fancy presentation needed. I've had better filets (not many better than that), but this is right up there with them as one of the best I have ever had. The food was amazing!The atmosphere inside of the restaurant is very nice too. It is dark and very romantic feeling. A great place to bring your girl. The service was also very good. They have a fantastic wine list that is reasonably priced. I didn't have desert, because we filled up on our meal and drinks.Next trip to Vegas and I'm stopping back in here again.
It's been a while since I have been here, but this was always a favorite stop for my friends and I on our last day in Vegas. They have a gigantic Harley above the entrance and an even bigger American flag made out of chains inside. I also like the "railroad" thing they have going on with all of the Harleys on it. It's like a big Harley showroom on a conveyor belt. You can check out all of the Harleys as they move across the restaurant above you. (I'm hoping they still have all of this). One of the few places I've eaten at that has rock music blasting from it's speakers. They also have a lot of autographed gas tanks and motorcycle displays throughout the place.The food is pretty good and you get a lot of it. I usually get the roasted half-chicken with some mashed potatoes and corn. That's a lot of food! The service has always been great and I haven't had a bad meal there yet. This is a really cool place to hang out, especially if you like Harley Davidsons. I'd recommend it if you are looking for a fun place to eat in Vegas.
First off, I would have given this place a better rating, but the service knocked it down a couple of stars. I would normally have said something to them about the service, but I had to leave right after eating and didn't get a chance to wait around for a manager.Food - 5 starService - 1 starI ordered the Tagliata (fillet, of course!), which came with a sauteed spinach and a red wine reduction. Not as good as the Craftsteak restaurant across the hall, but still very good.  Why did I order a steak here anyway, knowing that Craftsteak was across the way? Oh well.Now of the service. The waiter brought out my menu and came back about 10 minutes later to get my food order. I placed my order and he walked away without even taking my drink order. Uh, hello, I wanted some wine.I flagged down the hostess and asked for the wine list, which she promptly brought back to me (Thank you!). I didn't see my waiter until he brought out my food and then I had to place my drink order. I ordered a half bottle of wine. He brought it out and set it on my table and then said he would be right back and walked away. He went to another table to take their order and talk with them, then disappeared. Uh, my wine wasn't opened yet. He then came back to open my wine and pulled the same stunt again. Except this time he disappeared for about five minutes where I couldn't see him. I finally got my wine opened and forgot all about the bad service. The food was terrific.I got called to a private party just as I was finishing my food, so I couldn't speak with a manager about this. Otherwise, I would have. That is, if I could have found one. I only saw the hostess and waiter the entire time I was there. (I was sitting in the "patio" area where you could see all the people walking by.) Not sure what the "inside" of the restaurant looked like. I put those words in quotes, because if this place was outside that is what they would have been called.As I walked out, the hostess asked me how everything was. I told her the food was incredible, but my waiter wouldn't even do a good job as a greeter at Wal-Mart. Not sure what her reaction was, because I didn't stick around to find out. I will definitely try this place again, because I'm sure that waiter is gone by now or if he's still there, I won't get him again.
Very nice bartenders and delicious drinks. Loved that the douche-y aspect of bars was absent.
I heard great things about this particular buffet but it just reminded me of a higher quality old country buffet. the food was unoriginal and there weren't that many options. and the maki rolls...sigh. The line is unnecessary long and i would recommend visiting another buffet. the wait is not worth it.
Forget the bellagio, wicked spoon is  what's up. The food is fresh, unique, cutely/smartly served in tiny portions, and sophisticated for a buffet. The options are unlike any other buffets - it felt as though i was going to a 5 star restaurant and their entrees were buffet items. Example, they serve gelato. You won't find that at the bellagio or OCB. It was also refreshing that there wasn't a huge line. It told me they were more about the service rather than showing off.
4 stars no doubt! 1 star deduction because this place needs to be better maintained.This place is busy so be ready for the wait, wait to make the order, wait for the table, wait for the food....You basically have to go and find your own seats because there is no one to seat you. You order and wait for your number to be called but be ready to struggle through the crowd of men to reach your food. Crowds also makes it very confusing to understand whether they are waiting for their food or standing in line to order.The place needs more attendants to clean the table during the busy hours. It's too much for one guy.This is often compared to Bamiyan Kabob and personally I like them both but I personally feel like the meat at Kandahar Kabab is more tender plus they take cards whereas Bamyan primarily takes cash. Also like Bamyan, this place needs better management. I feel like all the people are just standing in crowds in front of the counter to get their food (whenever that is prepared).
Had an appointment with Mauro. A gentleman that is excellent when it comes to the hair. He saw an image of what I wanted and delivered. He worked extra time just so he could perfect it, and he took that extra time out of his own lunch time, how many people would do that? And you also get coffee and cake for waiting! Very friendly people! And all for 25 dollars+tips. Definitely will be back! Thank you Mauro!
Food was ok, what you expect from a bar/grill. Was fairly priced and overall clean.We tried their new apple chimis, which were pretty much amazing. We would go back for another round of these and desserts.
A date night success! With a rare night away from the kiddo, we decided to try Charleston's after seeing it for a couple years. It was Saturday night, so they estimated a 20-25 minute wait but sat is much sooner. Server was attentive and friendly. We ordered the Reuben and chicken fried chicken. Everything was awesome. My husband adored his Reuben and the sweet glazed carrots, and I even loved the coleslaw, which I normally don't like. The kitchen manager came to our table to check on the food after hearing it was our first visit. When we told him we loved everything, he sent over extra sides of the carrots and coleslaw we mentioned boxed up to take home. Throughout our visit, another manager ran food to our table and ensured all was great. The service wasn't overwhelming and we were able to have a great date night. We felt at home, but better taken care of. AMAZING first experience.
I went here with a groupon and made an appointment for a pedicure and shellac. manicure. The man who did my manicure was obviously overbooked and rushed through, my nails are splintering and the skin is tearing less then a week later. There were only two people on duty so when it was time for my pedicure he called over a young boy who looked like he was still in high school and have been practicing painting nails on another boy in the salon. He said he was female technician and everything was fine. But the boy obviously did not know what he was doing and it was the worst pedicure of my life. Was not impressed with the cleanliness, service, or quality of work in this salon. Never again!
After trying many different nail salons in the Gilbert area since moving here, this is the best one I have found! They are clean, do great work, and they always have enough staff so you are not rushed through your appointment.
This is hands-down one of my husband's and my favorite spots for date night! The owner is friendly and the food is fresh and soooo good! Chicken parm is our go-to dish. They always do their best to accommodate dietary needs, letting you swap out items with no extra charges. We love this spot and will keep coming back!
I absolutely love Coffee Rush! Stopped here on a whim one day and haven't been disappointed since. Their coffee is so much better with more flavor than all those massive chain stores, like Starbucks, and at a fraction of the price. Even with a line I am in and out within four minutes, they remember my order after just a few times there, and their service is awesome! An added perk is they have a punchcard system so after nine drinks, your 10th is always free.
I have to start this review by stating I am a picky first-time mom who is a senior operations director and childcare licensing expert for childcare programs for a major organization in Arizona....and I cannot more highly recommend Denise's Safe Haven Daycare!!!When we had our son, we knew we wanted him in a smaller home-based daycare for his first 3-4 years. We wanted a small group setting with a consistent loving provider. With no family in Arizona, and both of us working full-time, we hoped to find a place that felt homey, loving, and SAFE! When we found Denise, we found all we were looking for! Before enrolling I checked her ADHS childcare licensing report (open to the public for viewing) and found she had a stellar record. We interviewed her and loved how she immediately got on the floor and played with our (then) 4-month old. Two years later, we are still thrilled! Balanced meals, educational activities, letting kids have fun and get messy, and lots of hugs...these are just a few of the experiences my son has every day in her care. She does watch multiple part-timers, mostly to accommodate parents with varied shifts and work structures (I.e: police, nurses, etc). We drop off and pick up at varied times throughout the day and have NEVER seen more than 6 kids in care, which is her licensed capacity at any point. Usually she has up to 4 a day.Yes, there have been occasional incidents of toddlers biting, playing rough, having potty accidents, etc. but she has quickly and immediately addressed each instance, communicating it to the parents and taking action for resolution. I think you would be hard pressed to find a center where this does not occur, but Denise handles each one in compliance with all regulations but more importantly with the love and focus on safety we as parents expect. Feel free to reach out to me directly if you have questions about Denise's Safe Haven!!!
Clean, great atmosphere, great service and techs take their time for a good job! I had Mary and she was great. They currently offer 20% off all services... Made a great deal!
This is the best sitdown Mexican restaurant we have found in the East Valley. We have never tried a bad dish here, and we can be quite the Mexican food snobs. The El Jefe f chimichanga always hits the spot, the flavor in the steak is amazing!  Plenty of flavor without the pitiful attempt to add taste  to the meat after cooking it with pico de gallo and other sauces, which other restaurants often try to pull off. Love this place!
This place is affordable by American standards but a rip-off by UK budget lodging standards, when you factor in what you actually get at this location. The bed was HORRIBLY uncomfortable. It was just two *very thin* single mattresses on top of some *very sharp* springs beneath which poked the crap out of you all night. It was ridiculously uncomfortable to sleep. The room was clean but spartan, otherwise. I would not return. They also made a mistake with our reservation and tried to double-charge the credit card. Not impressed, all around.
This is a very tasty and convenient option for Indian takeaway in Edinburgh. You can order online and get it straight to your door for a reasonable price and very quickly. They stay open quite late, too.The portions were all large. All of their varieties of nan were especially tasty, although also huge. Yum.
These are two generous stars, I'm afraid.I was here a couple months ago and had a pretty negative experience. I tried to resolve it with the salon and it went nowhere - so it's going to get blasted on Yelp. Such is life on the interwebs!We had two appointments booked simultaneously. I, for a pedicure, waxing and haircut... and my boyfriend to get a (manly version of a) pedicure and haircut. I guess I'll first say that his pedicure was done by someone else and was a positive experience. His haircut was subpar and the woman who did it did not really listen and cut a few too many inches despite us both telling her directly how many inches to cut. Since then he's been pretty unhappy with it. Tsk tsk. Men are pretty touchy about such things. Especially men who walk in with a lot of hair, but he sucked it up regardless..Now moving on to my appointment..I was told that my pedicure would be done on a table (weird) and without water (also weird) by a woman named Janice who I later found out was the owner/manager. Since there was no traditional pedicure chair or even a basin presented for soaking, it was painful. She poked me quite a bit throughout the process, and overall it was nowhere near the relaxing pedicure I had so hoped to receive. My boyfriend's feet did get a proper soak from another technician so apparently only Janice prefers to not use water. As a person she was nice enough, she made the usual small talk but it just was not relaxing and that sucked since it was *not* cheap and I had so looked forward to having a nice pedicure. The waxing she did was fine. The haircut I got from a woman I do not remember the name of was fine; it was just a trim. The real problem began when I got home and saw that all that poking on my feet that had stung so much started to hurt more and more... and the big toe in my right foot became infected. I had to treat it (blood, pus and all) for several weeks afterwards and it's actually still a bit of an issue as I type this. I keep my feet really clean and am very careful with where I go for pedicures, so it really frustrates me to have this kind of issue after the expense of it. I wrote to the salon a couple weeks after the appointment and let them know what the situation was and the owner (Janice) wrote back to briefly apologize and then repeatedly assert that she was the owner (good for you..) and to say I should come in for another appointment to look at the toe. I reminded her that 1.) I do not *live* in Edinburgh and 2.) I saw no point in another appointment for an infected toe, even if I did. I mean seriously? There was no response after that. Normally a place of business would offer to refund the service or something along those lines, but no. So I would not go back here, definitely not.
Stopped in for a quick drink with a friend this week. Staff was pleasant, although they were out of the ingredients to make the first item I tried to order off the cocktail menu. Also worth noting that this is peak hipster stomping grounds, which may or may not float your boat.
I know there are some die-hard Dr. Natura fans out there... and I was hoping to join their ranks... but sadly, I just was not impressed.Maybe the fact that I've done cleanses before (i.e. I was not dealing with decades of build up) was a factor.... but either way, I saw minimal results.I read all the testimonials and a couple independent reviews outside of Dr. Natura's site... and I paid the $300+ dollars for the 3 month cleanse and detox... followed it for all 90 days.... drank water til my body wanted to grow gills.... and still, the most I can say is that it did make me a BIT more regular. There was no alien poop (if you've seen the pictures on the site, you know what I'm referring to) or anything of the like. Basically, I just had to empty the bowels and especially the bladder a bit more often. Oh, and it also makes your poop a lot stinkier - which may or may not mean it's working? Or maybe that's just from the fiber? Not sure...I cannot stand the fiber you take in the morning - nothing masks it. The closest I came to making it bearable was to drink it with OJ and chug as quickly as possible. Otherwise, it definitely made me queasy. In fact, the fiber alone is enough to give me stomach cramps in the morning hours regardless of how it tastes going down. I didn't like the tea either (but then again, I don't like any tea) and keeping track of so many pills was a bit of a hassle. If I was seeing results, I probably wouldn't have minded those things so much. Also - there was barely any weight loss.  I know this isn't a weight loss product, but most testimonials will tell you they lose anything from 15-40 lbs. I lost less than 10 and honestly, I attribute that to drinking so much more water and cutting out the carbonation and caffeine.Next year's cleanse will be another product, I'm sad to say... but to whoever swears by Dr. Natura, I'm glad it works for you. It just didn't do much for me and seemed like a waste of time and money.
I agree with another reviewer; of all the Travelodge locations in Edinburgh this one is the best (and I checked out four). The price is VERY cheap (especially by American budget standards), and they include a decent breakfast which is quite nice for the price. You can also get dinner here and they have a bar. It's not fine dining, but it's decent.The rooms are LARGE and the beds are COMFORTABLE. The bathrooms were also large and pretty decent. The staff is very friendly and there are vending machines with lots of snacks (even ice cream - random, yet awesome) available first thing in the lobby.They do have wifi here, although it is paid (as is the case in all Travelodge locations). The building is very cute and has a lot of character and there is a really pretty view from all of the windows. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're traveling on a budget and just need a cheap place to stay without a lot of frills but require enough comfort to make it worth the price paid.
Well, this is hard to rate frankly.My man was falling off his chair practically in ecstasy over his first taste of Mexican food the entire meal. So for that, they get some stars. It also has the required cheesy Tex-Mex ambience factor and it's a convenient Royal Mile location. Now, me? I am from California. As pasty as I look, I am half hispanic. I can make pretty much anything on the menu if they sold the dang ingredients anywhere convenient in the UK for a reasonable price (mission impossible!)... so you can guess where this is headed. To me, this is watered down Tex-Mex faire. To an American reader, I would liken this to something you might find in the midwest or a strip mall somewhere... not horrible, but not exactly good. Definitely nowhere in the neighborhood of authentic. Not even a distant cousin of authentic. And *so* not worth the price....UNLESS you are stranded in Scotland and craving something resembling Mexican food and this will do. Particularly, I have to say the sangria really let me down. I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about. Insert Mexican sad-face here. It impressed the man, who'd never had it before... but I found it to be not so bueno. Anyhow.. the bill came, it was pretty large for what would have been about 30% of that in the states (and tasted 300% better) but the man was thrilled with the experience so it wasn't a total loss.
This bakery was a joy to work with. I placed a somewhat last minute (and very important) order for 7 dozen custom cupcakes to be delivered locally. The entire transaction was done over phone and e-mail, as I am actually located in California. They managed to smoothly accommodate the order and deliver a delicious product right on time. The event went as planned and everyone enjoyed their tasty cupcakes. Two thumbs up!
Hm. Well I don't think I'd go again for a variety of reasons but most people do this tour because it's pretty popular. It's quite over-priced, for one thing. They also totally lie about the history.When we arrived, our tour was pushed back about 30 mins so we had to wait. That was a bit annoying. Everything was staged and campy. I didn't really like all the dummies they had set up where actual people had died. I found that disrespectful. The slide-show they had was cheesy as well, and again the history was a bunch of b.s. They totally killed a bunch of poor people here and just want to dumb the history down for the tourists.There's also quite a bit of walking and it's a bit hilly in parts and it is looong. This is probably not an ideal tour for elderly/disabled folks. Towards the end, I was really counting down the minutes til it was over.As for the spook-factor.. Is it haunted? Yes. If you care about such things, that is.The photos they take at the end are kind of freaky and they will then try to hawk them to you for some crazy price. We got ours for free since our tour was pushed back, luckily. But none of the poses were remotely flattering, so it wasn't really a big deal. Oh well.On a mild upside, their gift shop is packed full of tons of overpriced Scottish gear in case you want *any* type of souvenir before you hit the airport.
I've been here twice.The first time I was at A&E was for a kidney infection. Since I did not yet have NHS I think I was made to pay something like 100 for being a visiting person. Their screening test was pretty weak and they ended up making me take tests repeatedly for several hours (it would have been done a lot faster with the version I'm accustomed to in the states). I was sent home with antibiotics finally, at least.The second time was for incapacitating sciatica relating to a recent back surgery. The doctor acknowledged the symptoms and pain but could not prescribe what I needed (many meds are not available in the UK that I have current prescriptions for via my US doctors) and rather than hassle with it or even find a replacement, the doctor I was seeing chose to literally give me NOTHING AT ALL along with a recommendation to see a specialist and then falsified the discharge notes and said she had sent me off with pain meds. I know this because I requested a copy of the note to give to my GP. I remained basically on bed rest til I could get to a GP (for several more days) and then til some medicine could kick in. The A&E doctor should have prescribed something. It was really ridiculous of her to send me off like that. It does not take a specialist to prescribe basic anti-inflammatory or pain medication.Lame. Between the two visits, I average it all out to pretty sub-par service.
Bad customer service. We had a reservation well in advance and they overbooked themselves to the point that when we arrived for check-in there was a lobby full of guests (not just us) waiting for taxis to be ported to other Travelodge locations. There was no choice in where we were sent, either. This was quite annoying since we'd chosen this specific location for a reason and we were then shuffled off to the wrong part of town last minute.. They did not offer to comp/discount us the room even though I was the only person of any of the guests who stood up and asked for some sort of compensation for being so put out. All we got was a free taxi ride to the other hotel (that was again in the wrong side of town). Bad service.
I've flown out to Vegas a couple times to see my favorite band perform here. Yeah, I'm a dork - whatever. This place is actually really decent when it comes to huge arenas. The sound is good, the staff is good, the MGM is pretty sweet and a central location. The last time I was here, I was third row and had an absolutely amazing time - which was amplified by the fact that security (unlike many other arenas) WASN'T totally up everyone's butts yet still managed to handle the crowd and allow people to have fun. It's all too common that people pay lots of money for great seats to a show, just to have some security guard standing on their toes for two hours. This has not been the case at the MGM either time I've been there, which gets two thumbs up.
Great pick my wife up at the air port even with here arriving 5 hours late and when they     Picked us up to go back to the airport the upgraded us to a suv limo
I love this place!! The biscuit sandwiches are amazing!! The manager Steve went above and beyond to help me out!!
Delicious pizza!!!!! I ordered a small bacon and ham pizza and almost ate the entire thing myself and it's a good size!! Delivery arrived much sooner than expected!!
Great pulled pork sandwich!! Nice and tender the medium sauce had just the right bite! Will come back for sure!!
I'm in town for business and ordered delivery to my hotel! Pizza arrived quick, hot and tasty!!!! I'm glad I chose Pizza Parma!! The crust was nice and buttery!!
Hot pastrami was delicious!!!!! Awesome deli and bakery!!!! The baked goods were soooooo good and addicting!!!! I will definitely be back next time I'm in the area!!!!
Heads up the hostess here is well not a hostess no better way to say it ! So slow we ended up just walking in and seating ourselves! I got the fried chicken it was great!! I would have given a higher rating but that hostess was just bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First time here for a nose piercing, the guy did an amazing job! Definitely will be back for more!
I'll start by saying I love Barro's pizza. I've always loved it (Hawaiian is my favorite!) and I'd eat if every day if I could. But I can't.   Why?  Well besides the fact I'm trying to lower my carb and gluten intake and I'd probably gain 20 lbs if I ate it every day, this location is posted as a gun free zone.  It is unfortunate that companies think it's smart to take away their customer's rights while in their establishment, stripping them of the ability to protect themselves from the law breakers that will ignore the sign anyway.  So I notified the manager with a "No guns = no money" business card and have not returned.  Take the sign down and I will eat there often as it's very close to my office.  But until then, they will get none of my money.I gave it 3 stars, 5 stars for the food, 1 star for the fact that I can't enter the building to actually buy any of it.
I've been there several times and I don't have any complaints.  We've always gotten our food in a timely manner and it tasted good. Prices are reasonable as well.  I'm no connoisseur of greek food (or any food for that manner) but I did find myself craving a gyro from them on more than one occasion.  I found this place to be much better than another nearby pita establishment.  I'll be going back.
The Good:I go here for lunch quite often.  As an ex-NYer I enjoy their pizza. Not too thin, not too thick, nice and doughy crust. Just the way I like it. Their lunch special is reasonably priced.  The Bad:I went there on 4/26/2011 for lunch and found the place locked up and gutted!  No signs on the door about closing so I'm not sure they are coming back.  Too bad, it was the only decent pizza in the area.
I'm surprised at all the good reviews here.  I feel bad leaving a lackluster review.First, I've never had Ethiopian food before. I had no idea what to expect. Turns out it's not for me, so even if it was good, I wouldn't know. Therefore this review is purely on the service.Another reviewer mentioned the service isn't "Americanized", which would explain a lot.  There was one guy running the whole place. Clearly there should have been at least two.  His order taking style was unconventional to say the least.  Orders did seem to come fairly quickly, but trickled out over several minutes making for lots of waiting around with a plate of food in front of you waiting for everyone to get theirs. If you aren't looking to get the full cultural experience eating a soupy mix of meat and sauce with your fingers, you'll need to ask for a fork...and napkins. Lots of them because they are cocktail napkins.  The customary large plates, which hung off the table in front of each person of our party of 12, were never cleared, making after-lunch conversation awkward.  If you wanted a refill, you needed to ask, and even then you weren't guaranteed to get it.  We had to ask for the check multiple times.Not sure if the news channel being projected on a nearby wall, showing riots was supposed to be part of the ambiance. lol. When it was time to pay, he had us come to the bar one by one to pay.  Unconventional, but if it helps them keep in order, I don't have a problem with it.  But I'm quite sure they were still charging 9.3% sales tax even though it's back to 8.3% for Phoenix.  I tried to say something but he wasn't really understanding and I gave up.The food does seem filling and reasonably priced. There weren't too many people that finished their dish so the portions are generous.  Seems like a good value if you like Ethiopian, just know the experience for someone uncultured like myself may be a bit unconventional from what you are used to.
I really enjoy Taco Bell.  I know, 39% beef.  Regardless of my ability to eat faux beef, this location is operated very smoothly.  Their drive through for the most part runs like a well oiled machine.  Everyone that works there has always been very friendly. There is one guy that is actually on the verge of being annoyingly friendly!I've waited longer being the only person on line at other places than I have being the 6th or 7th at this Bell.  They have quite a weekday lunch rush, especially on mondays (yes I go there that often).  But they handle it well and it is *extremely* rare to get your order wrong.Though you might have to ask for a spork.
Hidden Gem!This place used to be called "Better on a Bagel" but is now under new ownership as Corridors Cafe.I would have no idea it was there if it wasn't for the "Better on a Bagel" review popping up when I searched yelp for breakfast.  It's located on the northwest corner of the Chubb Group building (Southeast corner of Pinnacle Peak and 23rd Ave) and can be accessed from the outside of the building.  There is no sign.  Once you walk up you can see the BoarsHead sign in the window.  They are open 7am to 2:30pm M-F. I'm usually there between 7 and 8am and there is plenty of parking right in front of the door.The cafe isn't very big.  It has some indoor and outdoor seating.  They have a small range of normal convenience store items like candy, drinks and office supplies, but their food menu is quite extensive.I go there about 3 times a week for breakfast and get the same thing, eggs with cheese and bacon.  The owner greets me by name and knows what I order.  Every time I go there he is very pleasant, the food comes quickly and quality is consistent. Prices are very reasonable.  If I get the same thing at another nearby deli, it costs nearly $8, but less than $5 at Corridors.Highly recommended.
For anyone that has gone to Dr. Reichow's predecessor, Dr. Grover, I think you'll be disappointed.  I miss Dr Grover dearly.  He was probably the best Chiropractor I've ever worked with.It had been quite some time since I threw my back out last.  At the start of every visit, Dr Grover always "took inventory" of my situation through questions and testing so he knew exactly what was out, which way it was out, and made a plan for the adjustments he needed to make.  The adjustments he made were very specific to my current misalignment, and varied through the treatment term based on how things were moving back into place..  This typically fixed me up within a week or so.   But Dr Grover had retired so I figured I'd try Dr. Reichow. I was happy that they were able to squeeze me in the same day as I know the sooner adjustments are made, the less severe the whole experience will be.His approach is much different than Dr Grover's. The initial visit had questions and testing similar to Dr Grover, but the adjustment was clearly different.  I wasn't very happy with it (mostly because it wasn't the same as Dr. Grover's approach, which I knew was proven to work in the past), but I figured I'd go with it since I'm not a Dr and he is.  But subsequent visits got even worse. I was not really showing much improvement and I felt the Dr's interest in my recovery did not seem as important as getting me in for the next appointment.  I finally had enough when I arrived for my 3rd or 4th visit, and the Dr  just does an adjustment (basically a general lower back crack, as well as an upper back crack, even though I have no upper back problems) as soon as I walked in.  He didn't ask me how I was doing, if anything changed, and did no testing to see what was still out.  *After* the adjustment he asked if anything had changed.  In my opinion, he is just looking to do adjustments and collect the (albeit reasonable) fee.With that said, the front desk was pleasant, and they have a massage therapist that, for a very reasonable fee, can give you a massage to loosen you up before the adjustment (Though Dr Grover used to do this himself using massagers as part of the adjustment).  His name escapes me, but the massage was very good, he was pleasant to talk to as well as very informative and knowledgeable. I think I learned more about how to deal with my injury from him than the Dr.In any case, I decided Moon Valley Chiropractic is no longer for me.
A few months after I wrote this review, I received a letter from MVC.  It was an update to the fact they had lost their BCBS network status.  Of course I was surprised since I was never actually told by MVC that they had lost it in the first place.  They never mentioned that to me when I called asking about the statements I got.  I don't go there anymore, but I think they got their in-network status back.  Because MVC never replied to BCBS's request for more information on they claims they submitted for my treatments, I was never actually billed for anything beyond the copay I had already paid.  I will give them an extra half star for not back-billing me.I was never convinced (at least by MVC) that I had low T.  I still feel they will encourage Testosterone therapy when it's not needed.  But I am not a doctor.  I don't even play one on TV.  So I still suggest seeing a real endocrinologist.
Live in California and needed something beautiful to send to a very special woman's memorial service in Las Vegas.  After reading the reviews for the English Garden Florist I chose them.  GREAT decision.  Julia was very helpful and caring, and put me through to the designer to be sure he knew exactly what I wanted.  They were kind enough to send me a photo of the arrangement  (gorgeous!) before the delivery.One takes one's chances when ordering from out of town but it was clear to me that not only is this the place for creative, beautiful arrangements but the staff truly cares.Thank you to all at the English Garden who helped us make a statement of loving remembrance on Thursday, September 26th.
So many great flavors to choose from!! Great value and flavor. Friendly service! We'd better back a lot if we lived in Charlotte! Try the Peach Fizz!
This is a good buffet for varieties of food they have american,european, & asian cuisine. knowing the asian in me, Iam looking forward for that good ol' fried rice, i love their calamari, i was saving a room for a lot of food  God forgive me for my gluttony that day..but still there are so many of them that its impossible to taste it all.. that's what i hate in a buffet i feel i have the right to eat them all but it's very impossible.err.. they have it all DID i need to say all food that you can think of.. from steak ,pizza etc. yay! don't go there if you're on a diet. you'll goin to ruin everything! hahah!Oh by the way i like their automated machine which works like an atm. which also gives you exact change.. no hassle very smooth..
This is a real life "Millionheir " (Nintendo DS game) well, i love playing mystery and things like that. so i enjoy this a lot. if you need some break from drinking and gambling and want to spare your winning for some kind of experience well this is worth a try! i guarantee, Sharon the proprietor is very accommodating and entertaining. as well as Max the driver/guide. I think its a good past time with your group of friend and a fun activity with your family i suggest kids older than 10 yrs old. teens and young adult would love this. good couple date also depends if both of you are into role playing thing hahha! I'm definitely going back their when they have their new plot..! I recommend A++
Paid $50 for pink acrylic and a regular pedicure. Kim did my nails and she was great and super fast. But an older man did my pedicure and it was anything but relaxing. The entire time he was yanking on my feet and barely seemed like he was even touching them or filing them I felt like literally he took my nail polish off and just put new on. Then one of my toes got messed up and he acted very irritated that he had to repaint it. I also had a gel lamp on my lap while I was trying to get my pedicure done which was kind of inconvenient. Also had to ask for a second top coat on my nails because they weren't very shiny. I don't think I'll be going back since my pedicure I paid $20 for looks like I could have done it at home and my paint is still smudged.
This place has pretty good food with awesome deals during happy hour which sucks that it's so poorly ran. It's located right across the street from my job which makes it super convenient to run to for lunch. Too bad I won't be going back! Me and friend have gone at least 3 times during lunch and sat our selves and got our own menus because theres no hostess and no when even bothers to come when people come in. Service is slow the waiters do not check if you need refills or the check. We waited over 15 minutes for our waiter to come back to our table today. Then to top it off the seat on the booth was broken and i when I went to get up to leave I slipped and fell in my knee. Several waiters saw me fall and not one asked if I was alright!? Also I left my keys on the table and was looking for them in my purse outside the front door. A waiter came out with out saying a word or making eye contact handed me my keys. I said oh thank you... No response while walking away. It took me to yelling thank you sir for him to acknowledge me with a murmured welcome. I dont know what this staff is trained in but its definitely NOT customer service!!!!
So the waiter brought a me cheese enchilada and chicken taco even though I ordered a beef enchilada and chicken taco I informed him of this and he looked at me in the face and asked me if I wanted a side of beef.  I will not be back
My daughter and I have been VOLR Salon customers for a little over a year, exclusively seeing Jillian.  I have LOVED every cut and color I've received.  She listens to what I want and sometimes nudges me in a bolder direction.  My 14 year old daughter has experimented with color quite a bit and we've always been ecstatic with the results.  Jillian is genuinely interested in making you look gorgeous!! The staff and other stylists seem to have a great rapport and are always so friendly.
I moved out of the area 6 years ago but when I came back to visit my sister introduced me to this place. Every time after when I came to visit it was a must. I recently moved back to the area and am so happy to be so close to this store. I always have a satisfying visit from the great service and wonderful food. The workers are so welcoming and quick. The selection of sandwiches and chips are always stocked full.
Went to Chili's yesterday night and was disappointed yet again by this Chili's. Second time we've had slow service and it's taken 25+ minutes to get our food when they aren't busy. I would understand if they were short staffed but there are visable servers hanging out eating snacks and talking loudly. The host is in her own world while guests wait up front to be sat (including us). Honestly fool us once shame on you, but fool us twice shame on us. We plan to take our business elsewhere as it's obviously getting worse.
My friend and I went for breakfast.I got a bran muffin, potato cake and a little box of treats to go.The muffin was fabulous. Normally, I would feel ripped off for what I spent on it, but they use local eggs and honey and I like supporting that. The texture was good, not dry the way bran muffins are and it had just the right amount of dried fruit tidbits.The potato cake was eh.. For the price ($6 if i remember but definately around five bucks) it was tiny, about the size of a deck of cards. In a potato pancake, i want a crispy outside and fluffy innards, but this had neither. Big disapointment.I don't remember what my friend ordered but she felt it was overpriced. I gave the take home box of treats to my sweetie after stealing the chocolate cookie. The cookie was good, but not chocolatey enough for the name they pinned on it. My boy said that none of the cookies were as good as anything his mom makes and i have to agree. For a place with bakery in the title, they need some decent baked goods.
For a place with so many vegetarian options, I've been sorely disapointed to see that most of them include the same couple vegetables. I don't consider myself a picky eater, but the vegetables I don't care for much are summer squash, cauliflower and undercooked broccoli. Somehow, they seem to be featured in most vegetarian dishes they serve.The other option is their medeterrianian style food, in which case, head across apache to Haji Babas pronto and get some authentic cooking for half the price. Last time I went there, I almost ran across the street and bought a tub of hummus to show them what it should taste like. I'll eat here if someone else is paying, but I usually try to talk them into something else. The food is consistantly edible, but nothing special.I can sum this review up in one word: BLAND
My parents went here and reccomended it.My friend and I were in the neighborhood drunk and starving and decided to give it a try. We thought the food was FABULOUS (from what i remembered, which did include crawling around the table looking for a cigarette i dropped.)I came back about a month later with the same friend and our roommate. We sat there for awhile before someone came to take our order, and realized that there were half a dozen gallon jugs of milk sitting out on the counter. They remained there for our entire meal, which was pretty disturbing. When the waiter showed up, he was dripping sweat from his chin, and proceeded to sweat on our entres as he brought them. Now personally, I'm not so grossed out by a little sweat that I would ignore a heaping plate of food in front of me. I tried everything that was brought and didn't finish any of it. My friends that I was with were really freaked out by the sweating and the warm milk sitting out and barely touched theirs.Lesson of all this? If you are going to go to Kohinoor, get drunk. Otherwise, go to Udupe, Pasand, Copper Kettle, or heck, del taco!
The first time I went to this place, I got a veggie yakisoba.I was very impressed that their vegetables seem to be cooked from fresh, not frozen. I also really like that they have a smaller size option about half the size of your usual styrofoam box. It was greasier than I care for, but that is a common issue with fast food yakisoba noodles.The second time I went I got a tofu veggie thing over rice. I was starving so I thought it was great, until I came across a piece of chicken in it. Regardless of being vegetarian, meat does need to be stored seperately to be sanitary, so this is worrisome. My boyfriend ate the rest of it and said he thought it was "ok" but he would've rather had something else. I really wanted to like this place since its so convenient for me, but I won't be eating there again.
Chips and salsa, ok but does not taste homemade and how hard is that?I order a bean burrito with enchilada sauce on it and asked the waiter if it was vegetarian. The waitress looked unsure but said yes. When the food came, there was a definate meaty taste so I asked her if she could make sure it was veg. She huffed back to the kitchen and returned saying it was. I threw up that night and my friend threw up the next morning but didn't know what to attribute it to.For some ridiculous reason (probably the location and a margarita craving) we came back a few weeks later. I ordered the same thing and again asked if it was vegetarian. The waiter, Seth was very polite and said he would go check. When he came back, he informed me that their enchilada sauce is NOT vegetarian and apologized. I won't be back for their bland, uninspired food and rude (except seth)  wait staff.
The food is pretty standard takeout, a little bland for the most part. They do have the option of getting your veggies steamed if you don't want grease, watching your weight or whatever.Last time I went, my roommate ordered "vegetarian spring rolls." When she bit into it, it was full of pork. She took it back up to the woman and told her what happened and she said it was our fault because they only make pork SPRING rolls. the vegetarian ones are EGG rolls. It was obviously just a communication issue and could've been remedied easily. Instead, she was very rude about it and refused to replace them, saying it was our mistake for ordering the wrong thing. If they had handled it better, I would still go back there. C'est la vie
Every time I go I am thrilled.If you haven't been for raw nights (Sunday and monday now, used to be fridays) you should really check it out. Its fresh, inventive and tasty! A lot of raw food tastes like an experiment, but they have obviously worked out the kinks before serving it here.If you are nostalgic for Gentle Strength (the co op that closed), it may not live up to your memories, but it is good enough that you'll create some new ones here.The menu is still exceptional all week long, serving up an array of perfectly spiced vegetable dishes. Yes, I said perfectly. Usually if I eat out and love something its "almost as good as I make" but I've eaten here a ton and DDDDDAMN they rock my worldI don't eat meat, but I have brought plenty of picky carnivores here and they all love it too.the vegan coffee cake is simple enough to make you wonder why you don't make one yourself but then suddenly you'll awake with a craving and nothing else will do.This food really is addictive and i'm not trying to quit any time soon!
My parents are currently building in Cooley Station and once they put their earnest deposit down in January, the customer service ceased. They were told in January to expect their home to be completed in July/August. They didn't break ground until the first week of April! There are many days where their home sits not worked on. Then there was the design center appointment, they had upgraded carpet choices displayed but they went through 5 different samples prior to finding one that was available. The communication with the builder is nonexistent and the neighboring communities are going up a lot quicker. They are now being given a home delivery date of Sept 26. This is ridiculous that it would take almost 10 months to build a home! Fulton is supposed to be one of the best builders in the East Valley or at least they were a few years ago. I guess customer satisfaction doesn't matter to them anymore.
I work as a consultant and need someone to drive me to the airport on a regular basis. Tommy has always been on time and sends a confirmation text message to me whenever I need a ride. He is extremely flexible and has never once been late. He also takes credit cards and doesn't give you a hard time for paying with a card like other companies do! Tommy is my go-to cab driver in the Cleveland area!
We stopped by A Phiner Bistro on our way to another restaurant on Lee. After looking at the interesting menu, we decided to give it a try. Our server was welcoming and sat us down immediately. We both ordered a fresh juice (which was delicious) and the special appetizer of the day (baked plantains). Our waitress also brought us their grilled bread appetizer on the house. I had the Egusi Stew and my boyfriend had the Okra stew. Both were had very fresh vegetables and tasted great. Our overall experience was wonderful! All the food is made to order though so be sure to give yourself enough time for that. I would definitely come here again!
I've never had a bad thing from Oakmont bakery, though I believe there to be better places around town (Kriebels, Bethel).  They tend to be open almost every day of the year (except religious holiday).  Speaking of religion, this place makes Chik-fil-A look like a meeting of your local atheist organization.  Especially around X-Mas, they run very droning, very non-inclusive commercials on KDKA.
Wish I could give a 0, extremely hard to get in contact with. Called multiple times, left multiple messages, even texted and she has not reached out to me. It's frustrating because I've already paid for the Groupon so it just feels like she took the money and ran. I'll update if I ever get the chance to actually get my nails done. Don't expect it with how it's going so far.
Really not impressed, went in and tried a dirty chai latte and got what tasted like dirty coffee water. The aesthetic was appealing, but staff didn't seem attentive and a bit ditzy. This is right across the street from where I live so I really hoped for better.
Yum. So good. Our food was fast and delicious. Loved that it was fast bc we had our toddlers. For sure gotta come,back to this side of town again!!!
A big thank you to all the staff at EVO! We had our engagement party there last night and everything was perfect :) All my family loved the food, and the romantic lighting. Special touches like our personalized menu made our night extra nice. Elise the catering manager was great to work with! My parents enjoyed how easy it was to get a menu that worked with our guests needs. And OMG the flourless chocolate torte! Yummmmmy. Thank you again!
Great food, and staff! If you havnt been in since the remodel...its a MUST!! Happy hour alone $3 well/wine/and draft and $3 off ALL appetizers 3-6pm AND 9-cl. This menu is for sure one of a kind, and your not going to find anything like it in the neighborhood.
I am a really big fan of Michael Symon so I was excited to try his restaurant.  I opted for the grilled cheese and fries.  I wasn't in the mood for a burger and I didn't see anything else on the menu that I wanted at the time.  The grilled cheese was fancy it had a good bread selection it had red peppers and arugula on it.  I am not a big beer fan so I opted for an Anger Orchard.  The service was good but I wasn't really impressed with the food selection.  I heard the breakfast is amazing so the next time I am in Pittsburgh I will try that instead.
Talk about the service being terrible!!  The mall was closing in about 30 minutes so I wanted to grab something to eat.  The manager was on his phone when I came up to the counter, so I waited.  He started talking to me while still on the phone.  He took my order while still on the phone.  I ordered a California chicken and it comes with ranch which was splattered all over the place.  I asked the manager where the napkins were, he pointed to the end of the counter.  I walked over there and there were no napkins.  I asked for a side of mayo and was told I had to pay 75 cents.  It is too bad that this location gives Charleys a bad name.
Talk about BIG PORTIONS with a diner feel.  I have been to two different Hash House A Go Go in Las Vegas and they were both very good.  This particular location is right on the strip so we did have to wait for a table for about 30 minutes or more.  We went into the casino and did a little shopping and came back and we was seated immediately.  We had breakfast each time we came and couldn't finish any of our food on our plates.  We left with big bellies and smiles on our faces.
This place was not only cheap but it was a lot of fun.  We went early so the line was not long at all.  I have a great time!
I used to love this place - it's reasonably priced, good food & close to my house. I am not going back anymore however because I just can't stand the service.  I went for dinner with a group last night for dinner and drinks and the service was very slow.  We had a reso & our table was not ready when we got there.  Our server was nice enough, but a lot of people in my party sat with empty glasses for a long time.  After dinner we stayed for another round of drinks   & our server did not clear our plates from dinner.  So we had dirty dishes on our table for two hours after we finished eating.  This isn't the first time I've had slow, disappointing service there, so enough.
This place is awesome! I love the decor and the staff is very nice.  Great place to grab a coffee and hang out for a bit.
Went to buy smoked salmon to take home.  Staff was super friendly and made recommendations and gave samples.  Smoked salmon was delicious and they were many different kinds.  Will be back for sure.
Dave is very rude. Never experienced such rude, aggressive behaviour from a business owner. Would never ever go back.
Incompetent and confused staff makes for a terrible experience. You will most certainly wait three times as long for your food as they promise you and it will taste like Chef Boyardee cooked it. Save yourself the trouble and money...eat anywhere else in this shopping center. It sucks
Best selection in town. Employees are very helpful plus they gift/wrap. My go-to store for birthdays!
Very disappointed with my experience, left upset and with below average nails. I was excited all week to go and get Halloween nails, sadly the only thing SCARY was the service by "management". 1. Pawned off on a trainee - not fair to her or me. I was never told my nail tech was in training, I would have liked to make that choice to continue with her. 2. 1.5 hrs later - "management"  has corrected technician 2 times and had to finally take over shaping of nails. Still no finish line in sight....3. Asked for black ombr after realizing nail tech would not be able to do nail art and they lacked nail colour choices. She was unable to complete this technique and no senior staff came to help or follow up. Finally had to just paint them black and still it bubbled and she had to peel and redo multiple nails. 4. 2 hours later - The lack of ownership or courtesy to follow up is clear as "management" has ignored me, talked about posting fake yelp reviews and basketball players coming to visit. 5. Got asked if I would like to make a follow up appointment .... lol If I could put up minus 5 stars I would
It is an upscale Mexican food concept with some unique culinary twists on familiar dishes. But, don't expect Los Sombrero's or Elote. It's definetly more tex mex. The Fajita's had to be the best I've had, but what's this? A creamy buttery sauce on the chicken. My wife's Carnita's were also unique and flavorful. But, again VERY rich. we asked our server about these unique findings... after they've roasted the pork they then flash fry it before serving. I say all of this as the flavor is already so good in the Chicken Fajita's and likewise, Carnita's that we would absolutly modifiy our next visit to save a few thousand calories! Yikes! In short, great food quality, servce and food. But, calorie concious beware. Ninfa's spares no expense in calories to give a very rich tex mex experience.  We'd come back, but we'll be the pain in the rear table with some modifications.
Yes, everyone loves this place...right? Well, I liked it and will be back. In a community where Seasons seems well embraced, I think I'll leave my only know. The service was a bit below genuine "good service" standard. In a town loaded with top chef's and foodies to follow, I like the places where the staff shows genuine passion for the product they serve. These folks seem to have a job and do it as told. Maybe Season's needs to offer their team more to get excited about.
Don has been serving my tax return needs for the past 3 years. He's always prompt at returning my emails and addresses my email in it's entirety. He's been very helpful when I have certain questions that I need answered. He's straight forward and has provided valuable information regarding the taxable aspects of the adoption of our child. Professional and reliable, I highly recommend Don Masters.
What a great new place to have in Old Town Scottsdale. As I understand it, Sunshine is NOT a P.F. Chang's concept, but a stand alone neighborhood restaurant that happens to be owned and operated by a guy (Rich) who started up Chang's with pal Paul Flemming back in the day. So, the quality is equally amazing both in flavor and surrounding. The staff is not your average. A gentleman named Montgomery is at the door to make you feel cared for and directed to an evening of comfort and great Chinese food. The dinning room window's will be a treat when they fully open to the placid air around spring. My favorite dish was the Chicken Soft Noodles w/ an over easy fried egg. The vegetable's were fresh an not overcooked. Style, comfort Chinese in a hip Old Town Scottsdale setting.
What's all the fuss?  I'm not sure what folks compare this chain too? The Dead Duck Inn?  Joe's local Chinese Gag house? Are those places that great? Sooo fresh and delicious!? Not in my days? Pre-made sitting around and HEAVY oil is what I see from most other establishments. Even those touted by friends. Maybe it's because they know George from behind the counter.  It's not Pei Wei! Pei Wei is a quick, fresh and inexpensive gift from heaven. Even the hard to please Yelper has to admit, the multiple options you have to modify your meal should give you no excuse not to love what you order. The food is fresh and prepared to order. Even fried rice is made to order. The sauces are made from scratch and are a combination of quality Chinese ingredients. (Chili paste, fresh garlic, scallions, bean curd, and a bounty of fresh Chinese vegetables).  Go Yon China will serve you pre-made sauces with no punch and lots of giggle. The atmosphere at Pei Wei is great! Black and dark red with glossy graphics and all sorts of Chinese! Even with the "stand in line" style of dining. Makes me hungry just thinkin' about the joint. However, to me it's a take out Ferrari! Call in, swipe my card and off I go. Sure, it's not Chang's. Still, it's better than the local Dead Duck Inn's "food" stained art, with a Chinese New Year paper place mat. Of course! I'm looking at the healthier options a Chinese food place may have to offer, and Pei Wei lifts the bar in multiple sets! Get your chicken steamed, go brown rice, add extra vegetables or go vegetarian. Still you may complain..."Oh, is it too salty? Or too sweet?" Give me a break. This is CHINESE FOOD! And, you won't find MSG. So, if you don't want spicy, salty or sweet; have a meal from Bland of the Rising Sun. But, if you want a highly under rated treat...I ask you to open your mind to this familiar spot for clean, fresh, made to order and "if you like" healthy Chinese food!
The Specialty entree's are my favorites and bring me back time and time again. The Salmon and the Rib Eye are both so reasonably priced, yet are both as good as it gets! Former chef from Flemming's makes this possible. The style and atmosphere are comfortable, yet can make for a special night. I suggest Simon Crown for the entertainment. Their website will tell you when he's on. Simon is like a smooth operator on the keyboard w/ calming bass notes. He looks like Charles Barkely, but has a style and voice that Prince would envy.
I do not understand the negative reviews.  I just finished a two night stay and I thought the hotel was fantastic.  I travel a lot and I am very particular.  My wife calls me a diva. I like a lot of style, but I don't like hotels that consider themselves so "hip" and cater to the customers in their nightclub over their guests.  I like top amenities and service at places like the Regency in New York, but some of those places are stodgy and boring.  To me, the Soho is the perfect blend of style and services.  The front desk staff was friendly, welcoming and highly professional.  The wifi was free and very fast.  There is a very high end Chinese restaurant and bar called Luckee that has great interpretations of Chinese food and a great vibe.  I also don't understand the reviewers who complained about the price being too high.  I paid CDN $345 per night.  A comparable room in New York would be USD 700.  I will be back.
With a handful of new sushi burrito places in my neighborhood I decided to give Teds a try especially with the great grand opening special they are currently having. Buy 1 get 1 half off for the month of October. Good deal in my book. I ordered a create your own spicy tuna burrito and my husband ordered the  sashimi oishi bowl. All for a whopping $16 with the discount. The poke tasted great, the toppings were fresh and the different sauces were flavorful. The restaurant, although small, was very clean and service was on point. While enjoying our meal the servers brought out a small side of house appetizer which was pickled cucumbers and carrots which was a nice little touch. I will definitely be returning to Teds to try their other amazing menu items!
Finally stopped in for happy hour with some friends yesterday and we were not disappointed. We enjoyed the beautiful outdoor seating area although, it get loud at times due to the close proximity to the airport. We didn't mind though, it was kind of fun watching the planes land and take off. Flemings has great happy hour specials with food and drink specials starting at $6 everyday from 5-7pm. My friends and I brought our own bottles of champagne for which they charge a $20 fee for corking per bottle which is reasonable for a nice restaurant in Vegas. The happy hour burger was absolutely delicious with Gruyere cheese and served with a side of well seasoned french fries...definitely a 5/5. My friend had the mushroom ravioli which she enjoyed as well and gave it a 5/5. We were a little disappointed with the service which was 3/5. Our server forgot an appetizer we had ordered and upon inquiring about it she immediately blamed us for not even placing the order when all of us at the table heard her confirm the order back to us when we initially placed it. She later came and apologized telling us she couldn't read her own handwriting. There were many times through the night that we had to pour our own drinks and an ice bucket for our champagne was brought to the table after we were done with 3/4 of the bottle. Despite the glitch in service we will definitely be returning to Flemings for the great ambience, delicious food and of course the amazing happy hour specials!
Finally stopped in here with my husband for happy hour and I must say...prob one of the best happy hour spots in Vegas! I mean who can beat $1 oysters with 3 different delicious sauces on the side!? We also ordered the deviled eggs with a  fried oyster on top and it was probably the best deviled eggs I've ever had. Cocktails were unique and quality especially the whiskey manhattans. Good quality craft beers on tap. We sat at the bar and the restaurant was not too busy at 5pm on a Thursday when they open for happy hour. Service was fast and friendly and they explained all their specials very well. I can't wait to go back to this restaurant. Prices compliment the food well.
Audrey has been my stylist at Bombshell for over a year now. I have never left the salon disappointed! She is such a color expert and listens to what I want and has fun doing what she does! I have recommended this salon to friends who have also loved it! Audrey is a gem!
Visited with a few friends because it was close to home. Food and service were both okay. In a town where there's a vast variety of AYCE sushi places this one didn't really have a wow factor that would make me want to return on a regular basis. I might stop here again if I wanted something quick without having to drive too far.
Husband and I finally decided to try  this place after talking about it for months. Location of the restaurant appears to be in a very popular and busy plaza but parking is ample to accommodate the crowds. My husband ordered the very popular "big bone" bone marrow pho. He enjoyed the flavor and highly complimented the taste of the broth. The soup naturally required a lot of messy work to eat and for $18 I would think it included noddles but thats an option for an extra $2. Overall though my husband gave it a 4/5. I ordered the double down which included Kalbi short ribs, Chinese sausage with a side of rice topped with an egg. Very hearty dish and good portion. I had enough leftover to take home for another meal. We ended our meal with their coconut ice cream served in an actual coconut. Delicious and the perfect end to a great meal. The highlight of our meal was definitely the pho. Can't wait to return and try more of their yummy noodle soups!
I have visited DW Bistro many times both for lunch and dinner and the food has consistently impressed me every single time. The decor of the restaurant is very modern contemporary with beautiful splashes of color and natural lighting. The menu offers many unique items with a bold mix of flavors. They also have a variety of cocktails some of which are daily infusions of tropical flavors. The only reason for 4 stars is the inconsistent service we have received as regulars. Luckily the food makes up for that. We will definitely continue to return.
Stopped by here with my husband tonight and we were pleasantly surprised. Spacious restaurant with easy to choose menu. All hotdogs, minus the veggie dog, are bacon wrapped with 3 different bun options. There's also a secret menu which we were educated on by our pleasant cashier/bartender. Good beer choices on tap although they were out of a few due to changing out the kegs. Overall a good neighborhood restaurant with good service, good beer and delicious hot dogs. Will be visiting again.
My review is based solely on their happy hour. Stopped in with a friend for a after work martini only to be disappointed. I am a regular dirty martini drinker and the dirty martini I had here was honestly one of the worst ones I've ever had. It tasted purely of olive juice with shriveled up olives served in the drink. My friend had a apple martini which tasted like pre mixed syrup. Truly disappointed because the the location is great with great ambience. We had big expectations for a great martini since it's called "The Martini". We will not be returning here for happy hour.
My girlfriends and I frequent this place often. We enjoy their happy hour specials which is half off all cocktails everyday from 4-8pm. They have a wide selection of martinis and other crafted cocktails. Some of our favorites are the dirty martini, pear martini, lychee martini and the morning after cocktail. They have a large outdoor seating area with an outdoor bar as well. Service is always inconsistent and there are times when it's easier to order a drink at the bar instead of waiting for someone to come to the table. Getting a table has never been an issue when I've gone with my friends which is usually between 4-730pm any day of the week. Food menu is limited to appetizers only such as flatbreads, dips, fruit and cheese plate and other simple varieties. No wow factor with the bites but they are also half off during happy hour. Overall and good local bar/lounge with fun cocktails and martinis that I will continue returning to.
Love love love this place! Great customer service and great food and desserts. They offer a variety of bread samples everyday of the week. My favorite is the coconut bread...SO yummy! All their sandwiches are delicious. Can't go wrong with this place. I will keep returning.
A coffee shop that serves beer and wine!? Yes please!! My husband and I stopped in today during a random stop in downtown Henderson and we are so glad we did. Having lived in that part of Henderson many years ago I can honestly say downtown Henderson is not on the top of my list for a random stop. But having driven by after many years I'm quite impressed with how far it has come and some of the new establishments in that area, especially this little gem! As tempted as I was to order an adult beverage my husband and I ordered iced coffee and we were not disappointed. Definitely better then your average chain coffee shop with a very modern/industrial atmosphere. Best part...we were there during happy hour so our drinks were discounted!Public works is a great new addition to downtown Henderson. It's great to see this "forgotten" part of Henderson get a great new business such as this one. We will surely be back for some beer and wine next time.
Great neighborhood restaurant that's always consistent with great eats. I've stopped in here a handful of times and I've never left disappointed. My favorites are the green and yellow curry, basil fried rice and their various noodle dishes. They have a very extensive menu with many vegetarian options for those interested. Today my friend and I had the chicken basil fried rice and the tofu pad see ew. Both dishes were very flavorful and the spice levels were just as we had requested....spicy!! They have beer and wine on the menu. Prices are very reasonable. My friend and I paid no more then $10 for each dish and we both had leftovers. No wow factor here but a great overall restaurant with delicious food. I will continue to return here.
Great place to exchange money before leaving for an international trip! Although this place is a little difficult to find, once there they provide fast and friendly service. It is located in the Tower building and there is underground parking which they will validate for you at the counter so you don't have to pay. I exchanged USD to British pounds and they gave me a great rate, much better then I would've received at an airport. I'll be visiting this place again when going on another trip.
First visit today and definitely not the last! Extensive menu with great variety of options. The menu is a bit overwhelming but the servers were very helpful. Lychee Chu-hai cocktail was absolutely delicious with a refreshing summer floral taste. We ordered the tonkatsu ramen, miso salmon and tuna belly appetizer all of which were delicious! Overall, good service, great food and yummy cocktails! Cannot wait to return and taste the other delicious menu items!
Second time visiting this location and I loved it just as much as I did the first time. There was no wait for a table at around 1:30pm on a Monday and service was fast and attentive. We ordered some nice cold brews that they have on tap as the waiter made menu recommendations to us. We decided on the oxtail chili cheese fries as an appetizer which was very good however it did have more chili then I would've liked  but that didn't stop me from eating half the plate. We ordered the Miyagi-San burger which is their most popular burger which was 5/5. The spicy miso burger which had a good kick to it and also 5/5. The Kalbi burger which comes with a side of kimchi also 5/5. Burgers were perfectly cooked and the buns had a nice toasty crunch to it. Prices range from $9 for a basic burger and extra for add ons to $15 for their gourmet burgers. A bit pricey for a burger joint but their gourmet burgers are very filling and portions are huge and can be shared. I will definitely be returning!
This is one of the few happy hour places I've been to with my friends that has been consistent every single time. The lychee martini and kiwilicious drinks are amazing with real fruits in them. Food is average but the drinks, service and ambience makes up for it. I will keep returning for their happy hour specials.
HUGE fan of The boiling crab! I can honestly say I crave and visit this place at least once a month! Nothing beats the shebang sauce with your choice of seafood and a variety of sides such as corn, potatoes and delicious sausages. My go to menu items are shrimp or crab with half a pound of sausages and a side of corn. My only issue with this place is the long wait on weekends and price increase in the last few months but that hasn't stopped me from my frequent visits. The restaurant is very spacious with ample parking and great customer service. If you plan to go on a weekend day between 6-8pm be prepared to wait at least 30-45 mins. Worth the wait in my book.
I have been here many times and I've also brought many friends here who are also regulars now. You just can't go wrong with a full body massage with hot stones and a great foot treatment for $30 ($20 massage + $10 minimum tip). The massage is not your typical massage. There are low massage beds in a single , large open room where everyone gets treated at the same time. I love massages that are a bit aggressive and done with a heavy hand and I've never left here disappointed. There's also a quickHot stone treatment on your back at the end which is an added bonus. This place is clean and I've always been treated well. Minus 1 star because sometimes, although not often, the masseuse talk quietly among themselves and the ambience is not as quiet as I'd like it to be. But that won't stop me from continuing to return here.
One of the best happy hour spots on the strip! The outdoor patio seating is beautiful with hanging lights and an open atmosphere. My friends and I have been here many times for happy hour and have never left disappointed. Good drinks that range from $3-5 during happy hour with great food specials. We absolutely love the loaded nachos which comes in perfect portion. The happy hour tacos are bite size starting at $2 depending on what type you get. Definitely a local and tourist favorite.
Brought some out of town friends here for Sunday brunch and I was glad I did. $19.98 for 5 brunch options and endless mimosa, Bellini, and bloody Mary's....amazing deal! $12.98 without the alcoholic beverages. We had the smokehouse hash 4/5 and the bacon steak with grits 4/5. Service was great and the restaurant itself is quite large with spacious seating. Their jalapeo jelly which accompanied the bacon steak was amazing especially for those who enjoy spicy flavors. I would love to return for their AYCE rib night on Mondays. Pot liquor is a keeper for a weekend brunch option.
Not the best Vietnamese place I've been to in Vegas but definitely fulfills the craving when I don't feel like driving to Chinatown. The portions are quite big and reasonable. Their boba teas are yummy! I'm waiting for them to add Vietnamese sandwiches to their menu. I would've given them an extra star if they had sandwiches.
I have stopped in to get a pedicure here a few times since it is conveniently located for me. During my last visit I was pleased to find out that they now offer clients their own bags of pedicure supplies that they only use on your feet and that's stored in ziploc bags with your name on it for the next time you stop in! Very hygienic and clean. They offer a bottle of water before starting on the service you request which is a nice gesture. Overall a good clean neighborhood salon that gets the job done.
Nothing's worse then stepping into the garage early in the morning to find water all over and a busted water heater. Found Water Heater Pros on Yelp and called for a quote. They were able to instantly give me an accurate quote which I compared with other companies that I had called. Water Heater Pros had the best deal. They promptly arrived at my house exactly when they said they would and within 1 hour I had a brand new water heater. They also made great recommendations on how To maintain the lifespan of a water heater in Vegas and explained the warranty well. Fast, friendly service at a price that's right. Highly recommend this company.
THREATENING BEHAVIOUR.I was threatened by one of the employees ( whose name rhymes with a popular children's toy) to meet him outside of work when he was out of uniform to give me a piece of his mind! When he realized he had threatened me, he ran into the manager's office to be able to word the story his way first. LADIES: PLEASE BE CAREFUL AT THIS GYM.  IF YOU CAN, GET OUTTTTT!!! there is much sexism and potentially violent behaviour at this gym!  I will have the 911 already dialed on my phone ready to hit send anytime i have to walk by this place. Supremely unprofessional staff members.
During a nice meal with a friend,  our conversation was interrupted when she spotted a roach on her plate!  The bug most probably crawled onto the table from the wall.  The staff was made aware and were quick to kill it,  but not before I snapped a picture!  I will never eat here again.
Terrible experience. ... we sit ourselves at a table and wait patiently for the waitress.  She makes her way to our table after 15 minutes of waiting.  We as k for drinks and she says she must check if they have any in stock.  She returns  to our table 5 minutes later to tell us that they are understaffed and no longer serving tables! We were asked to leave!  I spoke to the security as well who informed me that they were so full they were changing last call to 1am in hopes of getting people to go home. Does a pub really not expect to be busy on a Friday night? ?Pathetic  pub.Clearly they are too rich and do not want your business
Great experience! Great prices!  Quoted me cheaper than a big chain and actually charged me that amount!  They worked efficiently and had excellent customer service!  I will go back whenever my car needs repairs... an excellent experience!
Visited this restaurant on a regular Wednesday night. The restaurant was empty except for 2 other tables. Most of the food was good. ( don't order the etouffee! it is gross) the prices are very high! and the music very very loud. this explains the empty dining area. The service was pitiful. Incredibly slow service even though there were only 3 tables.I would go again because of their good food... but I would first check to see how loud the  band was and how longer until the musicians ended their shift!... or I would go with someone I found boring... this way I wouldn't get to hear their conversation!
I have been lurking on Yelp for a number of months now, maybe a year even. I finally signed up so I could add my 2 cents about this place.Don't think about it, just go. The food is AMAZING.This is DEFINITELY on the list of places to go every time I'm in Vegas. Yes, it is a ways off the strip, but JUST GO. Get a taxi if you have to, it's worth it!The cheesecake: to die for. Scampi YUM. My friend had lobster ravioli that was delicious--big lobster chunks, not minced-up-probably-lobster. We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, but I'd recommend going with pork roulade instead. SO GOOD.
I called with a problem with my blinds, I brought it in and they helped me solved the problem even though they weren't my installers.No charge--this was OK'd by the manager, so it's a good company that tries to help people out. Johnny was super helpful and got my Somfy motor working again.Much appreciated!
Amazing food, drinks and pastries.  Must try the Strawberry Chicken Salad!
This place is definitely my new pizza watering hole. I've been meaning to give this place a try and thanks to BlogTo I checked it out today. $4 beers? $8 margarita pizza? Yes please.
$10 lunch special and great service! Will come again.  The place is decorated with vintage books that you can read and the decor is adorable.
This was probably the most expensive shitty meal I've ever eaten. I waited to be served for 20 minutes then waiting 20 minutes for nachos and another 15 minutes for our food. There was no salad dressing on my side salad and my turkey burger with a lettuce bun was a sad mess. Them we waited 50 minutes for our bill and all the prices were all wrong and not divided properly. I would've rather went to subway. Thanks but no thanks.
Second time going for shellac and I'm disappointed again. The service was fast but once again they didn't put enough polish on and my black nails have streaks. $30 for a job that isn't done. I would pass and try another place.
We absolutely love Dr. Johnson and Dr. Schow. The staff is just as amazing as the drs. My son has always been very nervous at the dentist and around new people but the hygienists and the drs make him feel very comfortable, he even goes with them by himself to take X-rays. When I tell him he has an appointment he doesn't cry or plead not to go, he asks me "is it the one with the toys?!" I now refer all of our friends to their office. I wish we had heard about them sooner!
Completely unaccommodating if you have an infant. They apparently have no hot water or microwaves in the entire building to thaw frozen milk. I asked the cafe worker and the lady at the ticket desk, neither of which seemed to care that I had a hungry infant who needed warm milk. So glad I wasted $55 on the groupon.
Dr. Lanman is amazing! I had several vets for my animals never will go to another vet but her. She cares so much for animals and does the best for everyone she has contact with. I called her after hours one day never met her my cat had a blockage and she stayed at her office waiting for me. Took my cat unblocked him, cleaned his teeth, cut his nails and gave him antibiotics and fluids. Then my other cat has heart failure and did a x-ray has helped with medicine and doing great. I thought I would have to put him down.My daughters cat had a blockage and she told my daughter to bring the cat to her house at 11:00 at night. She took the cat to work and took x-rays all day and brought her home for two days to take care of her for 48 hours. The cat is doing great. The cat would of died if it wasn't for Dr. Lanman. She is God sent and amazing. Thank you Dr. Lanman.
Worst service ever. Buy 2 pretzel and large drink and get free pretzel, and display pretzel cups and don't honor that such false advertisement. Not a happy customer. Then they start arguing and getting defensive. If I could not give a star I would. They need to fix this. Use a pretzel picture instead of the pretzel cup
Family member suggested we come here. The rice was fresh, the food was excellent the portions were excellent, the service was excellent. They substitute some items we were unfamiliar with for those we were. If I had a gripe it would be it's not a place you sit down and eat. There's a TV but it wasn't on for those who wait. There's music but it's Chinese. It's almost like they don't want you to stay and eat. Since that was our intention there's no harm.
Beautiful Hotel on the rough side of Vegas. Great security. Beautiful rooms and the views are awesome. Bed was a little worn and on the stiff side but not uncomfortable. CONS: no microwave or coffee maker in the room. My TV remote was broken-replaced with another broken one. No blankets on the bed, had to request one almost every night. For the price it wasn't a bad stay. If the remote worked and I didn't have to request a blanket every other night the rate would've been higher.
Fast, very, very friendly service. Food was above average. We ate at a nearby casino with a breakfast special of $5.99. This place was $10.00 more on my bill, BUT I have a better experience! Lots of stuff on the menu, looking forward to coming back tomorrow.
I had great expectations due to reviews. The food was excellent! Portion size for the first time in life I needed a carry out!  Service was SUB PAR! I waited too long to meet my server and get drinks and refills. I was missing a whole portion of my order. The service left much to be desired. In their defense, it seemed crowded and I think they were unprepared. I'm in Vegas for 9 days to bury my father. I was looking for a"go to" place while in town. I don't know if I would go back. If the service was better they would have gotten 5stars, the food was just that good.
Went based on reviews. Ordered a pizza a wings. Wings were overcooked and very small. Pizza was 1step above LITTLE CEASERS -twice the price and wait. Im angry and want my money back. I m from Chicago. I know good pizza. This AIN'T good pizza!!
Went to the location on Sahara on yesterday, wasn't pleased. Found this one in Henderson. AWESOME!! The food, service, people were AWESOME! Smiles and greetings upon entering. Drinks came fast and food faster. Very good food! I'm 6'5 330lbs.-IM STUFFED ON ONE SERVING! I will be back tomorrow!
Excellent and consistently great Indian food.  The menu is extensive and never disappoints!  Worth the trip to Parma Heights.
Probably the worst buffet we have ever eaten.  We tried this place once before and ordered off the menu, and it was pretty decent.  Thought we'd give the buffet a try BIG MISTAKE. Cold food, no variety, terrible service. One star is honestly too generous.
I went expecting a wonderful night out with my husband, and was sorely disappointed. The evening started out iffy with us spending 20 minutes waiting for menus, water and any attention at all.The charcuterie plate was ok, the oysters were fine, as was my husband's skirt steak. I had the ravioli ($18!) which should have been renamed the raviolo seeing as I only had one raviolo which was large, thick and pasty. The heirloom carrots with this dish were also undercooked and underwhelming. My husband's steak was supposed to have come with pomme puree and it had one slice of sweet potato. All this (including some drinks) for over $150 (including tip)? It took them 2.5 hours to serve everything, lots of ignoring and neglect in the meantime. The couple next to us commented wryly that we seemed to be in some kind of Bermuda triangle. All in all an upsetting experience, with unfocused and careless service, including a toilet that had no toilet paper or hand towels left. Really, would not waste my time here when there are much better places like the harbord room, atlantic on dundas and so on. I left hungry and actually went somewhere else to order more food instead of wasting more time and money here.
We live in the neighborhood and we have been for brunch at grapefruit moon a few times before. We will never be going there again however because the service we had today was simply the rudest experience we've had since coming to Toronto. We're really sad about it because we used to love coming here to eat. I think it's a testament to how bad the service was at brunch today that so many different people are writing bad reviews.we were ignored when we arrived, and our server took our order with the least amount of friendliness possible. as he delivered my husband's beer he threw the coaster on the table. that's really when we should have left. I ordered huevoes rancheros, and for $10 got two eggs with very little refried beans, salsa and guacamole and cold stale tortillas. it seemed that everyone around us with having an equally bad experience... the two guys sitting next to us were debating loudly whether to leave after they apparently received an undrinkable cup of coffee.I told them what i'm telling you.... Just cut your losses and leave. I don't know what happened to this once lovely local spot, but i'm definitely never going there again.
This is review is just for their donuts! We ordered 4 dozen mini donuts ($70) for a birthday party and they were an enormous success! Absolutely delicious, yeast-risen, not too sweet and made with fresh ingredients. Also, everyone we dealt with was absolutely lovely and accommodating. Thanks for the delicious, home-made donut love!
Ich. Too early to arrive at the airport for a flight and craving Chinese food, I followed YELPs strong rating for Wok Express. I apparently committed a horrible sin - mistakenly ordering up front when I wanted to eat in. I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant. Seriously, you'd think I'd burned the building down. The waitress made a point of treating the 3 other people in the restaurant fabulously while systematically refusing to so much as get me a cup of water. Nasty glares the whole time I sat there. Other workers at the restaurant witnessed this behavior. They shrugged and did nothing. The food was ok; the ambience - non-existent; the bathroom not dirty but FILTHY. Skip this, for sure.
This place was awwwwwesome. My gf is a local and we stopped here Easter weekend to escape the in-laws lol. I wish i got to come back another morning bc it was sucha cool menu and everything we ate was bomb.I had the country benedict and i was so happy. We also had taquitos to start and they didnt disappoint one bit
The chicken was chewy and dry. The French fries were barely warm either. I took my chicken back to the front for a new piece and the second piece was not any better. The biscuit was even small and dense. Not at all like other bojangles I have visited. The employees are nice enough but it seems they are keeping the food too long under the burner or messing up in the kitchen by over cooking.
Nice in expensive dinner style place with decor to match. Very casual and nice selection. Good food and large portions with a wide variety of choices. Service is a bit so so but I think our waitress just had an off day.
Always take ant opportunity to visit Tommy Bahama Restaurant. This one doesn't disappoint. A little off the strip and with all of the favorites. Service is great food is always outstanding. Don't miss when in Vegas!
Very colorful place. Excellent service and the food is delicious. All the dishes are well made and very tasty. The prices are also very reasonable. Definitely worth the visit.
In the Bellagio this restaurant is a delightful combination of flavors and choices with amazing ingredient. The carts that come by are a great idea. No matter what you like this restaurant has something for you. Great cocktails and an expansive wine list. Service is over the top. Definitely worth the visit.
I had a very sore neck and lower back, after travelling around the US for over a month.  I stopped in at Las Vegas for a week, and booked 3 appointments with Dr Dembicer.Conveniently Dr Dembicer makes house calls, so each appointment was held in my hotel room.  Very handy for working in with my holiday plans.  I am impressed with Dr Dembicer's techniques and results.  He is very attentive, precise and knows what he is doing.  I am pleased to say that my neck and back pain have subsided and my range of motion in my neck has greatly improved.The sessions were in depth and thorough. A range of stretching, mobility exercises and adjustments were incorporated.Dr Dembicer also taught me some basic exercises to do while travelling.  To avoid getting myself into this state again.I have had neck and back pain before, which was aggravated by travelling.  My Chiro back home would have had to perform at least 6 sessions to get me back to normal.  However I noticed large improvement after the first session.  After the 3 sessions, I am  truly impressed at the results.
I just recently moved into this neighborhood. I love curry and saw the 4 outa 5 stars and was excited to check them out! It was Wednesday night around 8:15pm. There was one person in front of me. I was reading the overhead menu deciding what I wanted to order while I was in LINE. Another patron walked in the front door. The front counter girl knew him and and he started to rattle off his order. I told her that had been waiting and that the guy cut in front of me. She continued to help the guy who cut because she obviously knew him. Too bad I had to leave immediately without ordering and I'll NEVER go back due to the lack of customer service at Curry Zen. She didn't care and proceeded to talk crap about me to the loyal customer.  As a small business owner I'd be appalled if ANY of  my customers were not treated equally.  I'm not sure if it was just this employee or a management issue but I'll be sure to not patronize this business and tell ALL friends likewise.
As lover of heart stopping kindness,compassion, joy and equanimity. I feel nothing but reverence for the flower of love and intimacy that the staff and items that Kiki D Las Vegas fulfills . They are helpful...but more so...they saturate the consciousness. Kiki D offers items of dreams...little nothings.. things that equal big ideas that fascinate the soul.  If your looking for the right gift to satisfy YOU and YOUR lovers soul... Kiki D is pure...ART. They offer happiness, holy intimacy and energy that will nourish your deepest desires. Love is masterful and the staff at this location understands that love is an offering. They help you let go of your notions and embrace the greatest gifts...no fear..no self...respect and trust. The staff is helpful but unobtrusive in helping you fulfill your deepest thirsts of desire. Quit feeling empty. Quit feeling that vacuum. Quit feeling that lack of something. Goto Kiki D and open the door to yourself and be prepared to be loved from the experience that Kiki D has to offer.
Wow what a bomb ass sandwich!  A few weeks ago I was testing the water at our Float Sanctuary Las Vegas and my partner brings this guy to the back with free bagel samples.  He goes on to explain to me how there's no microwaves on site and he uses nothing but the freshest ingredients yada yada and hands me a flier and I read his name on it and I'm like oh shit are you the same Avery Cardoza like the iconic gambling book publisher? He said yes sir.  Funny cause one of his writers is one of my peeps going like 10years back so that was a trip. I knew then that it would be real Brooklyn grub so I kept wanting to go. Even though its just down the road I'm busy as fuck so its hard to sneak away and grab ish.Fast forward to today.  My partner and I are like are no matter what getting some sammy's down at Gamblers Cafe. We called in an order for pick up.  The girl on the phone was very friendly and accommodating. My partner went to pick up the sandwiches.  I was sitting at the  float center dying of hunger and anticipation to see if the sandwich lived up to Avery's hype.  When she got back we immediately began to tear open our sandwich paper.  The first thing she noticed was that they put two stickers on there in case you only want to eat half your sandwich and wrap the other for later.  How efffing thoughtfull!!  We both got the Loaded Dice. which consisted of the dopest flavor of turkey and ham sliced thin but piled HIGH with bacon and fixings. My partner is a bacon FREAK and she gave the bacon an enthusiastic two thumbs up. We both got all the fixins and the colorful staff did a great job of balancing the amount of fixings for the sandwich. She didnt want the ham so she asked for extra turkey.  Of course we compared our amounts of meat just see if they didnt skimp on the substitution.  Gamblers Cafe passed that test! Both sandwiches were piled equally high. The best of the sandwich was of course the Italian style bread!!!  Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside....LEGIT!!  I told myself I was only going to eat half but hell no i macked down the entire thing it was so delicious!! The Brooklyn style pickle on the side was like icing on the cake.  We will fosho be back to Gambler's Cafe and cant wait to try their breakfast and other REAL FOOD!
I've been using 1 hour Photo Shack to develop multitudes of film for the last few years. Lel and his wife are the most down to earth couple. Of course, I've been to other processing facilities outside of Las Vegas but 1 hour Photo Shack is and always will be my favorite. Besides color, price and service is an important part of getting that precious film developed. I've NEVER been disappointed with my images from 1 hour Photo Shack. Beyond that I have complete trust for Lel and Jeanie with my private intimate moments. Down to earth. Great service. Friendly. Humble. Lel and 1 hour Photo Shack is the best film processing in the USA!
Very prompt, courteous, and professional. My sister and I both used them for various projects including installing a new hot water heater and repairing a clogged main sewer line. Very reasonable. Would use again.
Lilly did an amazing job on my nails! She was fast and very efficient. I love New Moon Nails, they always take great care of their customers. I didn't even have to wait to get my nails done, i walked in and they got to me right away, there was so waiting around. My favorite nail salon, i will be back. :)
This place is absolutely horrible, if it wasn't 24 hours it probably would not even be open. Every time I go there the workers have a terrible attitude and are just plain rude. The food is always stale and nasty. I ate some onion rings there and the next morning I woke up with food poisoning. DO NOT GO HERE. I will never return. btw the lady who works night with the terrible eyeshadow is the rudest person I have ever met. If I could rate this place 0 stars I would.
The staff here is so nice and very understanding to every request. The chicken is so juicy and the fries are amazing. The secret sauce is definitely one of my favorites. Restaurant is always clean. One of my favorite locations.
Excellent stay during a very busy weekend! Everyone on the staff was amazing, but special kudos goes to Chelsea at the front desk and Amanda in the restaurant.
Dr. Brian Mantor and his staff were amazing. I had gone in with a cracked tooth not knowing what to do or what the next step was. Dr. Mantor made everything easy for me and created a plan to fix my problem. He is a professional and took care of my tooth without me feeling any pain whatsoever. I highly recommend anyone who needs dental work to come see Dr Mantor. Everyone in the office was amazing. Thank you so much!
Good pizza and food but the service wasn't very good. Wasn't busy but hardly seen our waitress. Had blue moon on the draft board but was told they didn't serve it anymore. Is it too hard to erase it off the board?
So we arrive on a Saturday evening and get a table right away. The place is half full and we are greeted by a very friendly waitress. She gives us a short background of the place and we order an appetizer and drinks. My wife orders a blue moon with an orange   The waitress offers us waters along with our drinks and we accepted. The Blue Moon arrives without the orange and she apologizes for forgetting our waters. Well a few minutes later she arrives and still does have the waters. Then my wife asks for the orange that she never received and the waitress replies "you're going to have to give me a few minutes for that". Okay. So then I see two waters headed our way and she gives them to the table next to us. By the way, that table arrived AFTER us. So we decide that we are leaving due to the bad service and start to walk to the front of the restaurant to pay for our blue moon.  The waitress begins to chase us saying we can't walk out on the bill. Really.  So we ask for a manager and she says she's going to get one. We run into a guy who said he was a manager. I told him what happened and he says "maybe she was overwhelmed". As I mentioned earlier the place was not that busy. So I asked the manager for the bill and he says don't worry about and I said "I won't". Needless to say I won't be back.
We ordered blue moon drafts and the beer was obliviously flat and we had to send it back. Wings were very good but the food was served in plastic baskets with wax paper. Cheap looking presentation. Also men's room was out of paper towels which is annoying  Bartender/server was very nice and attentive which was a plus.
This place is dirty. Sat in the bar area and it had a weird smell like stagnant water or something. Food was good as ever and service was good. But this place needs a good scrub down!
This place is gross the food was bland and not a lot of it for the price. Guacamole was nasty. My daughter makes a better guacamole. Would never go back.
Our regular spot for Crepes in Montreal every time we visit. Pesto and nutella based ones are amazing!!!
Warm service, cosy atmosphere, impressive wine selection and good food of couse. Recommend the Calamari that has a nice smokiness to it. Per other reviews, Gnocchi is awesome and a must-try.
Service was much to be desired. Granted it was busy but it took a while to get service more than understandable. The flavour were what I was most upset about.Chocolate scoops came in cups with a slice of waffles and the only thing that tasted good was the waffles. Chocolate ice cream tasted fake as if they had mixed in some cocoa powder for extra kick, though it wasn't quite mixed in. Price is normal for a typical dessert place but definitely not worth the price considering the taste and service.
Service was great with lots of food choices. Five of us had four lunch menus and two sets of rolls. Let's say the portions were large enough that we couldn't finish it all.
It's not a bad place. The place is well clean and service is excellent. Unfortunately, the food was okay only and it didn't have much food choice for younger children, as they all had nice kicks if spice. Price wasn't cheap either.
We have a lot of large windows in our home that have not been professionally cleaned in about 2 years.  They needed some help.  I called Christian for a quote and he was at my house within an hour.  He gave me a quote for interior and exterior window cleaning and we scheduled an appointment.  He showed up on time and confirmed the quoted price.  He was able to remove a lot of paint overspray from recent house painting and the windows have never looked cleaner.  I will definitely be calling him again to keep the windows sparkling from now on.  It has made a huge difference.  I highly recommend using Streak Patrol to give your home a quick beauty treatment.
Just saw Tamara at R05 for the 2nd time.  She is an awesome hair stylist.  My color and cut has never looked better.  She is also very friendly and easy to talk to.  The salon is very relaxed and a nice place to get pampered.  Go there!
Melissa has been doing my brows for about a year now. She is very good at what she does. I get compliments on my eyebrows after I see her, which has never happened to me after going to other places. I have also gotten a few facials from her.  She is really great at cleaning your skin and educating you so that you can look beautiful and protect your skin. I have told everyone about her. She is the best!
I'm sitting at dinner with my family of three, it's one hour and thirty minutes into our visiting at this restaurant, we just had our food arrive to our table. I ordered the large chicken dinner and my mother order a small, my order had one extra piece of chicken besides that our meals are identical. Same amount of rice and potatoes. However, I'm paying $6 more for the large. When I asked the owner what is the difference of the large and small was I got a rude respond that the large had an extra ounce of meat which is not true. I asked this questions because I was curious due to the waiter stating I would have lunch for tomorrow that's how large it is. This was false!! I don't think the large is worth the extra $6 as another stick of chicken is around the price of $5. My food is boring and tasteless, I would not recommend this place to others. Maybe just maybe try it on a weekday during lunch when they are not busy however don't go on weekend or weeknights. And if you do, expect to wait 2hours for your meal that could of been better spent ordering takeout somewhere anywhere but here!! I will say when ordering take out from this place, its bomb but don't waste your time coming in to eat. You'll regret it!!
I used to love the Grand Lux Cafe here at The Venetian but the service by staff and quality of food have certainly declined.  One of the best things about GLC is that it is open 24hrs, but the last three times I've visited late night they've all been disappointing experience.  Maybe it's because I'm used too excellence when dining here, but they just don't seem like what they used to be.  The wait time was much longer than what I was told and there were forgotten items and modifications made to my meal.  On top of that, a plate that I always order here was not served to it's potential.  The chicken that night tasted absolutely plain.  It's going to be a while before my next Grand Lux meal
Chuck is always willing to go above and beyond!  He takes the time to explain everything to me in a language I can understand and also prioritizes what repairs and services I need to have performed so I can work them into my budget.  I hope to find someone like Chuck where I recently moved to.
Wow Y&F Shoe Repair did an amazing job fixing up my winter boots, looks just like new! The owner is always smiling and so polite. Excellent customer service with A+ quality work is hard to find these days. Definitely coming back for more.
Fast and efficient service! They came and was able to open my car in less than 15min! Amazed!
Friendly.  Bartender Amy is the best.  Try the Italian Grinder.  HUGE and delish.  Good daily specials too.
Do not use this company. They were very quick to tell me I needed to replace my entire HVAC system, using very pushy sales and fear mongering. Turns out the only issue was a $10 dollar part. I can't believe how a company like this can survive, awful experience. The Icing on the cake is the fact they still have not refunded the 80 dollar "diagnosis" fee more than 2 weeks after they promised.
The food here was surprisingly decent. After a week of disappointing crusine that cost an arm and a leg (and this from a New Yorker), it was refreshing to find a place where you get what you paid for. The tenders were nice and crispy but in terms of flavor kindof bland compared to Popeye's chicken. You definitely need sauce with these. The place looked clean and the staff is helpful. Good place after a long day and a week of paying for expensive food that isn't worth it
We stayed at the W (long time SPG member) for 3 nights. It was very disappointing! The staff wasn't friendly, and worst of all...it's really loud at night. We read this in the reviews and specifically asked for a high floor, quiet room. (I'm pregnant and wanted to sleep!) When we checked in, we asked if the room was quiet and they said yes. Well, fast forward to midnight and you can hear the bass from the club in the lobby in our room on the 10th FLOOR until after 2am. The second night I called down and there was nothing they could do. I then asked to move to a quieter room the next day, and they weren't able to accommodate that. They gave me a free breakfast instead? If you're planning to be out until 2am or want to party at the club here then go for it! If not, pick another hotel!! I will definitely not be returning.
In town on business and tired of crappy room service.  Found this place on Yelp and ordered for delivery.  Natalie who took my order was fantastic. My food arrived hot and in less time than she said.  Everything was delicious (especially the cannoli). I will definitely be ordering again when I'm in Gilbert!!
Cockroach IN food. Disgusting. They comped meal,  but it wasn't worth it. I'm feeling queasy!
My ignition wouldn't turn - the tumblers in the ignition broke and I was stuck at work.  Service was quick getting here and got the job done quick and warranteed it at the most competitive price.  These guys are now a contact in my phone.  Will call them first for any locksmith job.
An excellent LCS with an excellent staff with excellent selection and prices.The location is great within the Arts District and near to the latest English Pub.The staff is very knowledgeable and fun to talk to about comic book related stuff and non-comic book stuff as well.
Food was reasonably priced and service was excellent Christine was very attentive and friendly.For such a busy day (Mother's Day in Mexico, May 10th) we were seated very promptly and did not feel rushed to finish eating.My one complaint us the lack of Boysenberry syrup, that they used to provide.
As always Julia & Jim are paragons of comic retailing.Cosmic has an excellent selection of current books and a sizeable amount of bronze/modern  as well as a good selection of silver age  plus a nice selection of 1/2 off HCs/TPBs.
Eric J. is an exemplary employee, he took the time to explain what he was doing through out the job.He was very patient to sit there and answer my questions and tolerated my annoying dogs - way to go.
Serviceable food, comparable to a decent "roach coach".Hot dogs are pretty good (better than Pink's on the Strip though) but not bun length, chili was o.k. but lacks in comparison to Original Tommy's and even Stagg's canned chili.The fries were bog standard for a diner so nothing overly special.Overall decent food at a reasonable price but nothing to write home about or go out of your way for.
Absolutely the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen, worse than a 29 Palms roadside gas station. Every time I dine there I bring up the dirtiness of the facility and every time I return (hoping thay have rectified the situation) the bathroom seems the same.The only saving grace is the excellent food (especially the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast)  and waitstaff in the restaraunt, if not for that reason I would never step foot in there.
Ryan Whitaker was a very personable and professional. He did a very efficient job in a timely manner, I plan on requesting him for some more work in the near future.
Excellent selection and pricing.I took advantage of the 1 buck or 13 for ten box box for some 90s goodness due to my daily budget but noticed the cost of his "more expensive" books were very fair.Will come back when I can.
Excellent eclectic selection of toys of all genres from die cast 1/64th scale cars to Go Bots from Fisher Price kids toys to Laser Tag sets from G.I. Joes to Generation One Transformers from The Love Boat figures to Star Wars figures from Lego mini-figures figures to Mego figures from LJN WWF wrestling figures to Babylon 5 figures, the selection changes on a regular basis.Ryan is a square shooter and reasonable in his prices (no gouging here), knowledgeable (always up for a discussion) and an all 'round nice guy.When in Las Vegas, Nevada in the "Antique District" be sure to stop in to say "hi" and satisfy your toy needs and wants.
Excellent fresh fare at the salad bar. Probably my most bitter salad -  mixed dark greens and spinach with Bleu Cheese crumbles and dressing, plus some Kalamita olives - all balanced by the 1/2 sweet tea 1/2 black currant tea.
This place was a nice break from the Las Vegas Strip scene. Drinks were delicious and the Dole Whip was great!
Great food! You can judge a Mexican restaurant by its chips and salsa and these were on point!! Lovely atmosphere on the casino floor but tables are far enough away that you don't feel like you're eating in a casino. Would definitely go back!
This place was delicious. Truly inspired menu with such great flavors. Would recommend to anyone looking for great food around the Venetian.
I've been here twice and have loved it both times. There's few words to describe how enjoyable their food is. The only complaint possible is that the seatinf situation is rather unpleasant. You're basically sitting on top of each other and constantly bumping into each other whenever you move. But it's part of the experience too!
I love the espresso! It's strong, but thankfully not bitter, unlike many other places. They sell Maya Chai, so it's the same great quality as Cartel, King Coffee, and other local shops. I enjoy the spacious seatibg and decor. I'll definitely be back when I'm in Scottsdale.
There was not a barista working at the bar when I came in, but there was a sign to head into the back room. An employee greeted us and gave us a tour of the entire place. He gave us their nitro to try. It was delicious! Very different from Peixoto and other locations in the valley with nitro brew. The employee explained that Ron, the owner, was out of town, sourcing his own beans! I want to come back and try their other drinks.
Had an absolutely great experience here at Irene's. I first found out about Irene's on Yelp as I was looking for Valentine's day flowers. The prices indicated on their website were better than the competition in the area so I decided to give it a shot. I called first thing in the morning and requested $100 worth of flowers to be picked up within the hour. Service was excellent and everything was ready for pick up as soon as I arrived (I thought it would get delayed due to it being close to Valentine's day). The flowers themselves were amazing and were warmly received (pictures of one of the bouquets included). I highly recommend Irene's and will be coming again for my floral needs.
Quick, casual, affordable and impeccable service. Food was packed with flavour and portions were decently sized. I was genuinely surprised as it's hard to find Mexican (good Mexican) food in the area. It definitely is a notch above the rest. The spacing inside is rather small, it seems to be more of a takeout location then a sit down restaurant. As we were leaving the owner sincerely thanked us for helping out small businesses which left a great impression with us. Highly recommend, would be coming again soon.
Saw this locations multiple times on my drive to school and noticed it had a pretty good rating on Yelp so I decided to check it out. (You also get a free side for checking in with Yelp)First off, the interior is huge and it is fairly nicely decorated and clean. The chalked on menu was a nice way to showcase what the restaurant had to offer. Service was very friendly and at one point the owner (or who I'm  assuming to be the owner) came over to show us the various sauces and to make sure everything was alright. The food was delicious, we had gotten the 2 platter, 2 side (brisket and sausage) and a brisket sandwich. The meat was very tender and the sausage exploded with flavour. The only small complaint I had with the brisket was that it wasn't as warm as I had expected it to be. The sides were also very delicious, we got the mash potatoes, corn bread, baked beans, and Mac and Cheese. The mash potatoes and baked beans really killed it. The only thing I would improve is to add more cheese to the Mac and Cheese, it tasted a bit bland.Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here at Hank Daddy's and will be coming back soon!
Heard this place was pretty good so I dropped by for quick bite.The location was super small with only about 10 tables.To make things brief, the sushi was pretty fresh but the location and food as a whole was definitely overrated. The Japango roll was way too spicy and the serving sizes were tremendously small compared to the price point. In my opinion, there are far better options for the amount you are paying in the area.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to check it out.Was pretty surprised to see how big this place was and how packed it was on a Sunday night!Service was super friendly and it did not take too long for them to seat us and get us started. The food here was incredibly delicious and far exceeded my expectations.Pappardelle - the noodles were super soft and the braised brisket was super tender. It took me by surprise how flavourful this was and how satisfying it was to eat. 9/10Hedge Hog pie - the pie was thin and not overly saucy; how I like my pizzas. The flavour of the pepper puree complimented the spicy sausage and aioli. 7/10. I really enjoyed the food and service and will be back again.
Let me start off by saying the food is not great. Not horrible, but not great either. Kind of subpar to be honest.What's worse than the food is the attitude and service of this location. Let me explain:I had just received a pho I had ordered (rare beef with tripe). Right as I begin eating I find a fly in the soup. Absolutely filthy, but I understand that it might happen from time to time. I called the lady over and showed her the fly and that they should just take it back. She asked me if I wanted anything else but as I had lost my appetite I declined and watched as my friends finished their food. Then came the bill.She included the price of the pho, which I had not touched, which had a fly chilling in the soup as if it were on a lazy river, on the bill. I obviously thought she had just forgot to void it so I brought it up to her. She then had the audacity to tell me that she could not take it off the bill and that I would have to PAY HER for SERVING ME a FLY soup. When I refused she thought about it and told me she'd give me 10% off instead. I was dumbfounded and unfortunately in a hurry and not willing to fight for $10 so I told her that what she's doing is wrong, paid the devil her share and left.Will NEVER be going back.I recommend coming here if you enjoy paying for small insects with your soup.
Having been coming to Piggy's for a few years, I can say that the food is consistently great and with the unlimited refills of side dishes, we always leave on a full stomach. The servers are also very nice and its an added bonus that they come around and help you grill the meat. My personal favourite here is the oogyupsal (pork belly).If you're craving kbbq, this is definitely a step up from the "all you can eat" kbbq joints.
Love this place. Wide variety of dishes and the dessert is to die for. Never had cakes sooooooooo amazingly delicious. The best value for money. I will be back again and again and again with friends and family.
Love this place!! I had never been a fan of BBQ until trying Bryans. It is by far my favorite place to eat in Cave Creek and the best BBQ I have ever had! Also their cornbread and corn on the cob is delicious!
So I decided to give the new cobblestone car wash a try now that it isn't Happy Harry's anymore. I paid 60 dollars for what I was told would clean the outside of my car and inside plus cup holders. Ended up getting a horrible outside wash and an even worse inside wash. After the third time sending it back and 2.5 hours later they still didn't even clean the cup holders!!! The only positive thing about the experience was the manager was very nice and gave us a free car wash for the future. I may use the free car wash but will never pay for anything there again!
The food was very good! The tenderloin was cooked perfectly, so tender, and the sauce was amazing as well. Make sure to get tagliata style. The pasta in a jar was also delicious. The texture of the pasta was great and it was interesting how it was shaped. The branzino was also superb, maybe a tad bland but it was cooked very well and was very tender. Jose was very attentive and was a pleasure. He did an excellent job! I will certainly be back.
This nail salon is probably the best I've ever tried. I came to get a full set for prom, and Tina is absolutely excellent. I will be returning with my mother and sister this coming week for a pedicure, and I can't wait to see what Tina has in store. Her acrylic application was flawless, and my nails look absolutely beautiful. And even two weeks later with growth, they still look great and haven't chipped one bit. I will be recommending this salon to all of my friends, Tina and Leo are really quite amazing! Very friendly and professional. I can't wait to go back!
This restaurant has become a favourite of mine. Every time I come to Kleinburg, I hope to visit. They serve an amazing baked eggplant pasta, as well as incredible calamari and a wide assortment of pizzas. Staff are all incredibly friendly and welcoming. A great atmosphere, perfect if you want a nice romantic date. It's a beautiful traditional Italian restaurant, with absolutely stellar food. If perfection was a restaurant, this would be it.
I came here with a friend of mine for a quick girls day. This place seems super sketchy when you first come in. It's in the lower floor of a building that's kind of hidden. When we first walked in, the salon was totally empty, which is a bad sign for a Thursday afternoon. The pedicure was alright, they broke two of my toe nails and there was literally only a 30 second massage. My friend was getting a mani pedi, and the lady rushed through her feet to get onto her hands. They seem to be quite concentrated, and they do ask if your colour is okay before they finish painting. Though that was the only communication there was, the rest was just tapping my leg to motion to do different things. My friend had to wait about 10 minutes between her services which was odd, since the lady seemed to be in such a rush to finish her toes. It feels pretty clean, you can see an autoclave which is good, I'm just not so sure that they use it. The salon wasn't very decorated, and I believe the salon chairs didn't work. Overall, the paint job was nice, it was a rushed service,  and I'd probably come back again if I was in a pinch.Update:My toe nails chipped within an hour. They broke two of the nails which both chipped. Very disappointed.
Waking in to Terroni, the atmosphere is beautiful. It is a stunning restaurant. But that's about all that they have going for them. Our waiter came to see my table, and I couldn't help but notice that he smelled like cigarettes. He also kept reaching over me to serve water, so I was greeted with this smell often. Very unpleasant. We all order food, and it comes out within 7 minutes. I appreciate fast, but this made it feel like it was heated in a microwave. I got gnocchi, and when I asked for parm, I was told that they would not serve it with this pasta. They also don't cut the pizza, which could be very problematic for children or people with special needs. On top of this, this is the first Italian restaurant I've ever been to that didn't offer a free basket of bread. And when the bread arrived, they only allowed dipping in olive oil. The food was very mediocre, nothing special, especially for the snooty attitudes that the restaurant gives. When the check came, they would not split the bill, which just made everything more complicated. It felt very rushed, as they had us out of there in half an hour, even though we said we were in no hurry to leave. Overall, I'd avoid Terroni.
Pretty awful service. They cut my moms toe nail and continued with her pedicure, with no apology at all. Her nails were awfully done, with paint missing on the sides of the nail. My toes were very bumpy, and the lady who did my nails completely missed the top of my big toes, as well as the sides of a few toes. The services were pretty expensive, and I'd say over priced for the service you're receiving. They rub limes on your toes, which obviously stung for my mother as she was cut pretty badly. Overall, very disappointed with the service, especially for a place located in the Rosedale-Summerhill area.
I was looking for something to fill me up yet light, but different. I found Sandellas and bought my wife and I lunch to go. I had the beef burrrito with greek salad and I enjoyed it a lot, couldn't finish it I was full. But the one bite of the wifes chicken panini was amazing and now I am gonna have to come back again to get that and try other things.  Great Job here. Keep it up.
Excellent berger et frites un peu dispendieux pour un dner mais apprciable pour le prix d'un souper. * suggestions menu midi petit prix ;) Endroit sombre manques de lumire. Excellent accueil du patron qui est au petit soin des clients.
First off i just want to thank the restaurant  team again for the consistent, fast, efficient and  friendly service provided during my visit.  The decor transported me to a calm and serene inner quiet vibe that only got better throughout the night.  I ordered the pork pork rib yellow curry, the crab fried rice, and the calamari. All three fantastic choices.  When I tell you I've never found hapiness in a bowl until i had the first spoon full of this curry!!!  I'm not exaggerating!  Not to mention the prices here are phenomenal!!!  I cant wait to come back.  This is a must have.  If you're  a food lover do yourself a favor and try this restaurant! This was an unforgettable  experience.
Today I went in to the office to get work done for the first time in about 2 years.   The office staff is professional, friendly, and fast at what they do.  Dr. Chuy is amazing and talented.  I was in and out quickly and efficiently.  I found my new Dentist.  . I couldn't be happier with the results.  If you haven't booked with them yet I suggest you do yourself a favor and do it quickly.  You won't regret it.
Love this place!  Fast and friendly service is just the beginning.  The food is fantastic!
If a could give this place no stars I would.   It the epidemy of horrible customer service.  You would think that if you job requires you to work with the public you would have some people skills!  Completely opposite.  The girl with NO name badge behind the drive test counter is a total rude bitch.  No need for attitude at 8 am.  It's too early for that. The African American lady that performs the driving tests is also super rude.  Not only did she discriminate against my partner for not speaking English,  she keeps looking at me crazy with dirty looks because she knows she's wrong and she wants to talk shit about him because of his legal status and poor English.  Guess what you have to work like the rest of us and if u don't like your job get another one you pair of lazy rude ass bitches.  Karma is a bitch and you'll get yours.  We will be back until he passes the driving test so you haven't seen the end of us!!
It was an absolute pleasure to be handled by Dr Falk during what I thought would be torture.  I was referred to Canyon Oral by my dentist and boy am I glad it wasn't a stuffy office.  Dr Falk and his staff made me feel welcome and comfortable during the entire process.  From the initial consultation to post op he kept in contact with me to make sure I was OK. I've never been to a Dr as hospitable and down to earth. Thank you for your attention and help with everything. You guys are amazing!!!
Total redemption from the management team at Firefly.  Thank you Tabitha for reaching out.  Last night was no less than perfect service from Irina and staff.  I also tried the beet salad and the lamb chops with lentils which by the way is now one of my favorite dishes.  Thank you again for providing a great atmosphere and delicious dishes!
First time here and the girl at the register is a sweet heart!  Thanks for a great experience everyone was amazing.  Now the food is out of this world. Fresh and clean eating at its best.  So refreshing I'll be back!
The server was so bad it over shadows the chef's food.  Like Maya Angelo once said "I've learned that people will forget whatyousaid, people will forget what youdid, but people will never forget how you madethemfeel." "There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."  This was exactly our experience.  Stay away unless you'd like to be "Served" passive aggression, borderline racism, subpar attention and a side of bad attitude.
Fantastic service from Thynara, the Brazilian waitress!  Amazingly delicious food, fast and friendly service.  I love her.  So far the best I've had to date!
I was absolutely overwhelmed by my dinner at Sassafraz last night - I went for Winterlicious and the menu options were phenomenal. Each course blew me away and I savored every last bite! My evening was only enhanced by the fantastic ambiance of the restaurant and amazing service. I would definitely recommend for anyone to try to get a last minute Winterlicious reservation - you won't be disappointed!
Impressive restaurant! This is a really happening place in Chagrin Falls and should be visited frequently! The food is very unique and the portion size is very satisfying. The atmosphere tends to be a bit on the noisy side but it makes for a New York style bistro. Very cool bar that overlooks the Falls and a great place to relax or entertain out of town guests.
You will absolutely live this place!! Great wine, great people and perfect location. Restored Victorian home that creates the sense that you are just hanging with friends enjoying a great glass of wine. The owners have a passion for wine and hospitality and it truly show. Hurry and got to swirl, you won't be disappointed!
I don't usually write reviews, but... Finally! A car wash I don't have to go home and finish the job. Had an oil change and wash today and I am a very happy customer. This will be the only wash I go to from now on!
Just got home from our second day at the dealership. We were having a a pleasant experience with our salesman. We were ready to buy the family car we have been searching for. After 3 hours of running the credit and such, Rhett, a middle man, came over to us, gives a two minutes of his time, and then storms away saying he cant give us the deal we had just negotiated for the last 2 days. He would not even give us an offer and we were perfectly qualified. Not even a hand shake to my husband and I. It was so completely rude, I refuse to give them my time. We were disrespected, and clearly, Rhett was too good for us. Worst and strangest experience I have ever had. I DO NOT  recommend!
I had towels with BOOGERS and a filthy tub and shower. Things were broken or not working. (See photos!) The view was wonderful and the out dated casita really wasn't too bad but the quality of housekeeping is with a motel 6 that had a nice turndown service. The only reason I gave two stars was for the thoughtful birthday cupcake that was sent and for outstanding service from Rich, our cabana server. Went to Relish and had outstanding burgers that better had been good because they took and hour and a half to receive. Unfortunately, the food server spilled our tray and the food had to be remade. We received no apology or accommodations for our starving family while we waited, and waited, and waited! We were celebrating a birthday and even though I made the server aware of this, and considering the mishap, they didn't even comp our $10 dessert. We had a wonderful day as we reserved a cabana and hung out by the pool and like I said the service was above and beyond from Rich. Most employees we encountered we very kind and professional. It was a shame that our casita was unpleasant. Although outdated, it was still beautiful. But you can not call such filth 5 star. We will most likely take our money elsewhere (Montelucia & Sanctuary are my suggestions) next time.
Worst service Ever!!! Always! This place really is a joke, I have no idea how it stays in business. We use to come here all the time but the service is just so terrible not sure why we came again. Servers are rude and the young manager is awful!!! It takes 5 minutes for someone to even come to your table.. Plus if you come in the evening they will practically kick you out because they don't want you sitting around and drinking here. If you sit here too long at night they will shut the parking lot lights off on you! Then you can walk out to your car in the pitch dark!! Great customer service. If you live in Verona everyone knows what awful service this place has, it is too bad because the good is good.
I have been going to Lori's for 18 years now and recommend her to anyone looking for the best grooming in the Madison area! I have had 2 terriers, a 100lb Airedale and now a 13lb Lakeland and I am very picky about their haircut. I have tried other places in the past and have been disappointed every time. So don't waste your time trying any other places, Lori's is the place to pick!Lori by far does the best terrier cuts in town and gladly modifies any cut for you. Want more eyebrows or beard this time or non scented or gentle shampoo? No problem, they tailor your cut everytime. The entire staff is so friendly and caring with your dog, I have started with puppies with their first cut and everyone is so helpful and explains how your dog was during the cut and is so patient with your puppy. Then sadly through the years gone to an old blind 100lb dog who they cared for so lovingly, they made sure my old girl was pampered and safe by no longer grooming her on the tables once she lost her vision and groomed her on the floor for her safety.Their grooming area is always clean and hair free from the pet before yours. I also love that they are in the back when groomed so customers walking in the door don't get your dog all worked up when they are being groomed. My dog is alway created up when done in a clean kennel that is cool and well vented. Lori was very happy to show me around when I asked after my Airedale went blind and gladly showed me the entire grooming area. They have also made sure to call and tell when my old girl had any problems or medical issues they saw during grooming. As a concerned pet owner I love the fact that they ask for proof of vaccination and kennel cough records. I thought this was state mandated but had been to other places that didn't  want any sort of records for vaccines. As an owner I am glad they ask for proof of vaccination and that my dog will not be with dog that are not up to date. As for prices they are spot on for grooming and appointments are easily made with in a week which is awesome! They are quick and call when my dog is done so I can pick her up. Love the cute scarf when my dog is done and how ears, toes, glands etc are alway so well groomed. What else can I say, but a really great business who cares for your pet and always remembers your dog and you when you call. I love that my dog is part of Lori's great little dog family!  I attached 2 photos for you to see their great work.
Pro's: prompt, courteous & safe drivers.Con's: dodgy cabs look dirty inside & stink of smoke, $3 "V fee" they don't tell u about, while in cab u get treated to endless cirque promo on their TVs that makes u want to swear off cirque (and I love cirque).Note:  if you pay via credit card they charge you a $3 fee called a "V fee".  I took about 5 cab rides and figured it was some kind of Vegas tax thing.  Found out from very last cabbie on way to airport that it's a service fee for using the credit card and I could've avoided it by paying cash.  I hate paying these kind of fees so I really wish the first guy would've said something and saved me about $15.
If you do one thing in Toronto - it should be this!When you really want to get a feel for a city, there's nothing better than getting to know it by bicycle. You get to see a quite a bit of the town, but you're not rushed around like you would be on a tour bus. You get to see the city at human scale.My wife and I did the "Heart of Downtown" tour. Despite Toronto's size the tour was very safe. Our guide did an excellent job of bringing us through town avoiding most of the traffic.If you're not an every-day cyclist, don't be worried by the length of the trip. There is plenty of time spent out of the saddle. The guides are very knowledgeable about the city's layout and history. You'll stop at several parks, monuments, and historic places where your tour guide will fill you in while you have a chance to take photos. The guide also has a camera to photograph the group so you can remember your trip. You'll also go through several foodie neighborhoods which you may choose to revisit after you've worked up an appetite!When I go back to Toronto I'll be taking another tour - Toronto Bike Tours has several tours. I'll get to know the city even better!
Great new protein bar!  Lots of options for your protein needs. I got the peanut butter cup smoothie and it was delicious. Can't wait to try all of them...yummy!
I took my goddaughter and close friend to this show. I didn't know what to expect. But Jeff was so entertaining there was never a dull moment.  I'm glad I went and will be recommending this show to any family and friends that come here with kids. It is kid friendly but I was laughing just as much as my goddaughter. We had a great time.  Ps. I don't really ever write reviews but this show made me want to write one. Casual, not too long like a lot of shows can be and all around entertaining. Money well spent.
We have 2 Alapaha Bulldogs that were getting into serious dog fights. I was on the brink of having to give up one of them and going through this training was pretty much our last chance of keeping both of our dogs. Our dogs are large and the fights were bloody and very bad. Lara and Lauren have really done an amazing job with them. We have done in home training sessions as well as Canine Consultants taking our dogs out for real world socialization. We are still in training and the improvement in their behavior is remarkable. A lot of it is Lara training us and giving us some tools and practices that we do at home so that the dogs have boundaries and rules. I would recommend Canine Consultants to ANY and ALL dog owners. We love them and we are so grateful to have their help with our two babies.
I can't say how much I love in-n-out, not just for their food but for being a leader in their industry. I actually love Dairy Queen but every time I go there the order is wrong and the employees are not trained well. So I stopped going. But I have never had an issue with in-n-out. The employees repeat their order to you at least 3 times so they haven't made a mistake with my order yet. They seem more positive and upbeat at their jobs. I hear that the pay is decent or at least higher than at other fast food joints, I think that helps employees have pride in their jobs when they feel they are being taken care of. When you feel like you're not compensated properly it reflects in your overall view of your workplace and, unfortunately, that will be passed onto the customers. People will come back when they have a positive experience and you might lose them for good if they have one bad experience. In-n-out, at least this location, is doing a wonderful job and I will continue to be a loyal customer.
My husband and I had pizza and brownies last night and I woke up feeling not so good. I used to live in San Diego and acai bowls were everywhere. Not the case in Vegas. I had to drive 25 minutes to get to bowlology which I found on an article posted on Facebook about healthy places to eat in Vegas. I ordered the Hula bowl, it was delicious and I felt great. It was 8.10 with tax for the regular size. Maybe it was a little more expensive then when I lived in San Diego but worth every penny.I hope they open a location closer to me. I'm in southern highlands. I ordered one to go for tomorrow but now sure how it will hold up, this is the kind of food to be eaten when you buy it. I had to wait a few minutes for the second one I ordered and they gave me a couple of coupons for a free ones for my wait. I will definitely go back whether or not they did that but it was nice that they did do that anyway.
Ann did an amazing job on our faces. She was a real professional and we had so many compliments. The price was way cheaper than it should have been. She did a great job and I give her a high recommendation to anyone interested in getting face painting done.
I found blueberry Jewelers on Yelp and saw that it got good reviews so I had to try them out. I had some jewelry that was passed onto me from my mother who passed away over 14 years ago. Rudy helped me and got my mothers jewelry cleaned up, resized and repaired for me. The price was reasonable and I was happy with his recommendations and finished product. I will definitely be going to him in the future for my jewelry needs.
I wanted to thank Tres Leches Cafe for letting me host my sisters Friends Theme Bridal Shower at this cute cafe! All the guests had a coffee and loved it that many came back for seconds! Jose and his team were very helpful to make sure we could make this shower a success! Thank you guys!! :)
I came in craving Korean food and left wanting to go somewhere (anywhere) else.  The squid was so overcooked I could not even chew it.  When I questionned the owner(?) he explained to me this is quite normal.  I thought the waitress was superb and the overall flavor was good, but I have never been so disgusted with an overall meal.
Had a craving for sausages.   We had the cheese plate kind of disappointed for the price.  Barely any cheese and could have used more types of breads or crackers not tiny pretzel sticks.  The sausages were great and the bun was amazing.  I could have been satisfied just eating the bun.  Yum.
Jason and Adam just moved us into our 3rd floor apt this morning and I literally couldn't wait to leave a review! BEST MOVERS I'VE EVER HAD!!! So nice, courteous and fast! I will never use another moving company. Hands down the best!
Okay, I know you get what you pay for but next trip it definitely would be benefit to pay more to get higher quality!  To start Check-in was over an hour due to not enough staff. It is not fair to assume what she was doing but it drove me crazy to see the supervisor behind on a computer oblivious to the line and acting like she was doing something important. Entered the room and it reeked of marijuana. Called front desk and they were going to send someone but no response. Finally got used to it since the entire floor had the same stench.  Our toilet ran continuously. After use we would have to open the tank to fix it. Worse part of hotel is the elevators. On main floor you wait, and wait with a crowd and when one arrives it is mob mentality to fight for it. Riding them was an adventure. One stopped on every floor with no button pushed. Another the door opened at odd times!  Casino-  not expecting much but several of the dealers out right rude. One even had the nerve of telling me with how I placed my bet it looked like a tip and she "knew I wouldn't do that..."Next time I will pay extra and look for a different location. ***on a footnote- Flamingo guest relations called, apologized, and refunded resort fee.
CONSUMERS BEWARE RIP OFF COMPANYThese guys are nothing but liars!!!! I talked to the owner of the company Randy to have my Semi truck towed in and repaired, Explained exactly what was wrong and was told he wouldhave it done the next day. Well that was a big fat lie. First off, the towing took 4 hours longerto get my truck picked up that they told me, the repairs were going to take 2 days longer thanI was told, said they were backed up, He should have known they were backed up the dayI talked to him. Wasted 20 hours of my time and cost almost $1400 in tow bills, Had to get it towed to a better shop for the repairs which were done the same day as promised. I have a lot of trucks on the road for years and they sometimes break down and I use various repair shops so I am not new at this at all. However I have never been treated this way, so rude and just flat out lied about everything. I am warning every trucking company I know about them.DO NOT USE THESE GUYS, THEY ARE NOTHING BUT A JUNK YARD WITH A TOW TRUCK AND A RIP OFF, NOTHING BUT  RUDE LIARS. FROM THEIR TOWING TO THEIR REPAIR SHOP, AND ESPECIALLY THE OWNER RANDY, NO ETHICS, MORALS OR INTEGRITY AT ALL CANT BELIEVE THEY ARE EVEN IN BUSINESS.
I loved it.I just came back after spend nearly $230 and it was well worth it.  The clowns make the show - from the clown that gets hit with the hammer multiple times to the sinking boat.    The visuals will just take you away.  For me - what I also loved was the music..now I have to get the CD.  I was in row "O" and it perfect.  Now I want to see the other shows.
This review is for dinner.  I had a great time.  I made reservations and alas I was running a few minutes late.  The host was very welcoming and sited my guest and I.  Our waiter was Jason and he was fab.  I went as part of the Buffet thing and this was our last meal.  I wish that we had made it our first.  The waiter was very attentive in getting our drinks.  I asked for two drinks a lemonade and Mountain Dew - done.  Now onto the food.  I was stuffed by the time that I walked out of there.  There was so much food - but soo little space in my belly.  The tri trips, suasiages, chicken, etc.  The prime rib was great.  I evern saw them put on whole legs on the fire and start to cook.  Now the seafood - crab sticks, mussels, etc was great.  I had the Salmon and it was done great.  I wanted to eat more but I was stuffed.  The crepes with the whipped cream.  The cook had to use a spoon to get it out of the bowl.  The crepes were done to perfection and crepe was not precooked like at Planet Hollywood.  It was like I had gone to heaven.  I ended up with two crepes and that was enough.  Now the Creme Burle,,,it was great.     People may complain that the buffet has gone down over the years.  For me it was great.  It was well worth going.  They have food from different parts of france and the scenery made it even better.  Sometimes it is the small things that matter - a waiter to bring you your drinks, good food, and then the deserts...no more needs to be said.  Just go.  Again, jason was wonderful and I hope that he gets a raise soon.
My sister-in-law had been telling me about this place for a few years but we'd never gotten around to trying it. Over Thanksgiving weekend we finally made it there with her and her husband. I wish we'd tried it sooner! We had a really great time and the food was delicious.We came right at the tail end of happy hour so we got the individual beer pitcher special. Five bucks for a pitcher? I'd be a total alcoholic if I lived in Gilbert. The beer selection is pretty good and those individual pitchers are not tiny. They also have a really great wine selection. My sister-in-law and I had the Sangiovese and we both loved it.At her recommendation, my husband and I got a bruschetta board. You get to pick four of their unique bruschettas and they're served on a cutting board. We liked all of the ones we tried but I think my favorite was the one with pistachios and figs...or maybe they were dates. I can't exactly recall. Did I mention how cheap the beer was? LoL I was tempted to order another board and try more varieties but the panini looked too good to pass up. It was really good and they split the order for my husband and I with no additional charge. The atmosphere was really nice. We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful fall weather. Even though the patio was packed it didn't feel crowded. Everyone has their own space. If we didn't have plans with our parents-in-law later that evening I could've eaten and drunk another round of everything. This place is at the top of my list the next time I visit my family in Arizona!
I don't know why Yelp describes this place as "coffee and tea" when it's a full blown restaurant/sandwich shop. My husband and I were passing through downtown Gilbert and their patio just looked too inviting to pass up. We split the Rancher and Farmer sandwiches and each got a beer. They really have a great beer selection. The sandwiches were delicious and huge. We each took some home and had a great late night snack after a Suns game later that day. The roasted vegetables on the Farmer tasted fresh and were still vibrantly colored. The Rancher was the perfect blend of bleu cheese, beef and horseradish. Even the sides were delicious. They should sell their bean and corn salad by the gallon. Even their pasta salad was filled with fresh tomatoes and basil as well as freshly made mozzarella pearls. The atmosphere of this place is also pretty great. The patio is simply decorated and naturally shaded by trees. I'd imagine it probably stays pretty nice even during the summer. The staff was beyond courteous as they answered my numerous questions about the menu and one of the cooks even came out to ask how we were enjoying our meal. I really can't wait until I have an excuse to go back. I've only lived in AZ for a couple of months but this might be my favorite place. I'm from Chicago so I have pretty high standards when it comes to restaurant patios and this place rivals some of my WIndy City favorites. Don't check this place out if you're in Gilbert; go to Gilbert to check this place out!
Pretty good food for a sports bar. I've been twice: once at the height of Friday night and the other midweek for lunch. Both times the service was quick and the drinks were replenished just in time. Like many sports bars in the area the wait staff seems to be more about being a hot chick than a great server, but when the food comes quickly and the drinks don't run dry there's not much room for complaint. The burritos are good and pretty standard for a chain. The salads are really good and very big. If you're watching what you eat then go for one of them and you'll leave full and satisfied. I tried this place for the groupon but I'll definitely go back...especially for their drink specials.
I went here for dinner and drinks with my husband and sister-in-law last weekend and we had a great time. The three of us sat outside and that's what I'd recommend for anyone visiting AZ 88. The atmosphere is much more relaxed and less sterile than the interior dining area. We ordered the ceviche as an appetizer and it was delicious. Being from Florida,  I'm sort of a ceviche snob. It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was very good and I'd definitely order it again. The homemade tortilla chips really elevated the dish to another level. They were the perfect texture. They started very crispy but softened just the right amount when piled with ceviche. My husband and sister-in-law ordered the grilled cheese and both of them liked it. I didn't try any of it...because neither offered me a bite. I guess that it was too good to share! I had the cobb salad and it was fresh and tasty. The bleu cheese dressing was good and the crispy bacon was perfectly cooked. The best part was, by far, the drinks. I ordered a Moscow Mule and it came in a copper mug. It's always supposed to be served like this but so many places around here cut corners and serve it in a glass. The acid from the limes has to react with the copper mug in order to create the true flavor of a Moscow Mule and I really appreciated their attention to detail. Also, I was surprised that the drinks weren't more expensive. They were by no means cheap but I just expected them to be a lot more at a place like this.If I had to say anything negative it would be about the bathrooms. Don't get me wrong, they were clean and well-kept but the doors were confusing. They had changing lights under the doors and everything was glass. It was confusing...especially after several drinks. Is it too much to ask for a picture of a man or woman on the appropriate bathroom door?
On a whim my husband and I decided to stop in for brunch. I'd heard good things about Fez but as a Chicago foodie I have a ridiculously high standard for brunch. I have to say I was quite impressed. I had an omelet with gyro and feta which was delicious and surprisingly light considering all of the heavy and spicy ingredients. The bloody mary was also nice and spicy. I went back the other day for dinner and had the marrakech salad with salmon. Even the half salad is a good-size portion and the salmon was delicious. Everyone else with me ordered different burgers and they all loved them. There's something for everyone at Fez whether you're an adventurous eater or you crave something more traditional. The staff was really helpful, too and gave us great drink recommendations. Go on a thursday for a cheap G-spot!
The food was pretty good. Nothing special or out of the ordinary except for the fried spinach that comes with one of the salmon dishes. That was really interesting but I'm  not sure I would eat more than a couple bites. I had the coconut shrimp and it wasn't the best I've had. I couldn't taste the coconut and the breading was too thick. They were just okay. The service was just okay, too. There were nine of us and they only brought one loaf of bread. They kept saying the bread was baking but we saw several other tables get their bread. We were all done eating when they finally brought a second loaf. I doubt I'll ever go back.
My experience was pretty good but a problem with the bill has led to me give this place a low rating. We went on my birthday and had their $20 birthday coupon. I specifically asked the waitress if we could order off the happy hour menu before we ordered anything. She said it would be fine as long as we ordered more than $20 off the regular menu. When the bill came she said the manager told us we could either get happy hour prices or $20 off the bill. I wouldn't have ordered $20 worth of full-priced sashimi  a la cart or an extra carafe of sake if I thought this would be the case. I wasn't happy about this and I won't ever go back to this place. The waitress didn't even say "Happy Birthday" to me even though she insisted on looking at my license to verify that it was my birthday. There really isn't anything special about Kobe so I'd suggest you go to RA for sushi and Benihana for teppanyaki.
I recently stayed a night at Wigwam during a conference for my husband's job. We didn't order any food, but all of the events were catered through the hotel so I'll review that too.Grounds: The first thing you notice are all of the beautifully manicured green spaces. Each path is lined with flowers and palm trees. The smell of fresh-cut grass and roses filled the air. There was a downed palm tree in the middle of a lawn, but they cut it up and hauled it away before lunch. The pool areas are also very nice and adults are allowed on the water slides! Food: At each event there was a buffet of fresh fruit, canapes, and assorted beverages. These were always delicious. I especially enjoyed the beef kebabs. The conference also included a three course dinner which was great. The dessert was just okay but I'm not much of a dessert person. Accommodations: The rooms were nice and comfortable. They stayed cool during the day and offered lots of privacy. I do have to knock them down a star because our bathroom was dirty. Really the only thing to complain about.
My in-laws took my husband and I here to thank us for helping them move. I've been wanting to try this place for over a year and I wasn't disappointed. When you first arrive you're greeted with 360 views of the valley. It's an excellent spot to take some pictures--especially at sunset. We were promptly seated at a table in the middle of the restaurant after a trip down the slide. We had a great view even though we weren't right beside the window. That was nice. I hate going to a place with great views and staring at the back of the kitchen all night. We started with the rattlesnake and cactus fries. I'm glad I tried these unique offerings but I'm not sure I'll try them again. No trip to the Rooste would be complete without them. I had the barbecue chicken and it was delicious. My husband had a burger and his parents had pork chops and prime rib. The cowboy beans are the best I've had. Everyone left happy with a full belly and leftovers to spare. The beer is reasonably priced and served in giant mason jar "pitchers." The best part is that every meal ends with complimentary cotton candy. This is a great place for families and they have a full bar for the adults. Don't miss this place if you're visiting Phoenix and if you live here, why haven't you visited already?Say "hi" to Horney the Bull!
I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for a good drink special for lunch. If you go to Arriba at 3pm you get the overlapping lunch menu and happy hour special. 99 cent margaritas! I spent $23 and got two big lunches and four delicious margaritas. They have a nice patio with cool murals and a big waterfall. The inside is also nice with a big bar area. I had the green chile burrito and my husband had the Rio Grande enchilada. Both were good and had some spice! It's nice to see a southwestern restaurant that isn't afraid to use a little heat. I'll definitely go back. I just hope I can find someone to drive me because those margaritas are too good to pass up.
Most of my reviews for Asian restaurants in Phoenix begin with something like, "it's good...for the area," but this place is just plain good. I'm a pretty serious Thai food snob and--even when I lived in Chicago--I only frequented a handful of Thai places.That being said, I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer at Wild Thaiger.My husband and I gave it a try for Dining out for Life when our first choice had a long wait. I've never been so happy I couldn't get a table somewhere. We sat outside on their patio which I would recommend to anyone. It's open yet cozy and comfortably cool. For our appetizer, we had the seafood pancake. I've never had anything like it but the description sounded too good to pass up. It's a crispy pancake full of sprouts, scallions, shrimp, mussels and squid. It was delicious and really unique. For dinner, I ordered the Decha Boar. The description listed it as being perfect for the "true Thai foodie." With a description like that, I had to order it. The dish was spicy and flavorful. I'd caution anyone not familiar with Thai food that it might be a bit too spicy for you even if you like spicy foods. Different chiles effect people differently. My husband ordered the Ginger Fish. The sauce on the fish was like liquid crack. I could've taken a bath in it. Long story short: it was SO good. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other menu items. They have a smaller menu compared to most Thai places and I believe this allows them to focus on perfecting a few dishes instead of doing lots of mediocre things with Thai flavors. Check this place out!
The only good thing about this place is the intimate setting and the beautiful decor. Otherwise, I was disappointed. The hookah was supposed to taste like coffee, pistachio and jasmine but it all blended together into a muddy mess. The drinks were overpriced. If I don't specify a rum then give me well. Don't pour me the expensive stuff. I didn't try any of the food but who goes to a hookah bar to eat anyway? All the waitstaff seemed more concerned with restocking the fridge with redbull than asking me if I wanted another drink. The absolute worst part was the music. A DJ came in and started playing Pussycat Dolls and Eminem. What is it, 2005? Current music played at an appropriate volume would have been nice instead of blaring hits from six year ago. I won't go back.
They have a great green curry and huge spring rolls. Their beef and broccoli is just okay. I know, beef and broccoli? Well, it can be great. I've had beef and broccoli that's worth talking about. Anyway, the food was great and the portions were huge. I just moved to the area and I'm happy to find a thai place ALMOST as good as my favorite haunts in Chicago. I'll definitely go back.
I went to Switch with my husband to celebrate the anniversary of the day we met. We were looking for a spot downtown to eat that wouldn't cost too much and decided to try Switch.The location is nice and the atmosphere is great. they have a patio out back and an open dining room with strategically-placed decor to create a more intimate feeling.To start, we ordered the sun dried tomato risotto. The portion was much larger than I expected for $3.95 but the dish was just okay. I tried the martini of the night but didn't like it so we switched drinks. For the main course I had the chicken pot pie galette and my husband had the turkey and brie galette. I really liked mine but there were too many veggies in it. A good chicken pie needs only flaky pastry, rich gravy and tender chicken--not peas, corn and tomatoes. The seasonal side dish was sauteed pea pods with onions. It was unexpected and surprisingly delicious. My husband's galette was good. In fact, it was even better than mine. You're probably wondering why I'm giving this place four stars and the answer is SERVICE! Since moving to Phoenix, I've found most places lack skilled wait staff and management who know how to effectively run a place and take care of their customers. Our waiter was a little late bringing my second drink. I'd only just started to wonder what was taking so long when he showed up with the drink and said it was on him. I don't remember his name but he had a killer mustache. Taking care of your customers makes them want to come back even if they didn't like everything they ordered.I'll definitely go back to Switch. They have amazing specials every day and their burgers looked delicious. Go to this place!
It was hard for me to find a salon like this when I moved to AZ a couple months ago. By "like this" I mean like the male salons I'm used to in Chicago. This isn't a full male salon but they still offer MOST of the services I use. Brody gave me a great cut. He knew exactly what I was talking about and it looked great. When I told him i was new to the area he got a map and circled places and told me about them. That was really amazing. He didn't have to tell me about every cool bar and restaurant in the area but he did and it's going the extra mile that  will make me a return customer.The negatives: The coupon thing and rebooking incentives just seem cheap. An occasional promotion is fine but I'm not one for a bargain basement haircut. Also, I just personally don't like hand massages and would prefer something like an eyebrow trim as a bonus during my cut.Not much to complain about. I'll definitely go back to Brody!
I wasn't expecting much from a chain sushi restaurant but the food was surprisingly good. I love sashimi and only ordered a small amount because of my trepidation. I wish I'd ordered more because it was very fresh and tasty. The rolls I sampled were the Tootsy Maki, Spicy Tuna, and Vegas roll. Spicy tuna was my favorite but the Tootsy maki was also really good. I love anything with eel sauce. My husband loved the Vegas maki but there was just too much going on in it. I did love the fried lotus chips on top. Seriously, why don't they sell those things by the bag? The cocktails were just okay. Go for the happy hour because the prices are ridiculous afterward. $8.50 for a California roll? I think not! The service was extremely fast. Our sushi came out with our drinks. The wait staff were very friendly and answered all of my questions thoroughly. And, I enjoyed sitting out on the patio even though the view was of a parking lot. I'll definitely go back for more...but only before 7pm!
I ordered takeout, so I won't be commenting on the actual restaurant as I've never been. Our order arrived surprisingly fast as this really isn't a city set up for speedy delivery. The food was great for the price. I wasn't expecting haute cuisine like other Asian food snobs. I can tell by how a menu looks and what the prices are whether I'll be getting delicious greasy 90's style Chinese takeout or not. I tried the orange chicken, hunan beef, and cashew chicken. I also had some appetizers. Everything was good. The portions were huge and we had another meal the next night with leftovers. Order the family combo. It's worth a try and it's only $22. I'll definitely order from here again.
Jimmy Woo's has some really interesting and delicious takes on Chinese/Pan-Asian standards. I tried the spinach and crab, singapore noodles and a few sushi rolls. Everything was fresh and delicious. The spinach and crab might even be the best I've had. The singapore noodles were perfectly seasoned and plentiful. Seriously, what's the point of ordering noodles if you don't get enough to take home for a midnight snack? The cocktails were pretty great too. I can't remember what my drink was called but it was like a chocolate mint mudslide. Very refreshing way to end a meal. It's a definite step up from most of the Asian places in the area which i'm discovering are pretty lame. I used to live in Chicago and have high standards for anything Asian so trust me when I say this place is worth checking out.
I've never been to the bakery but Tina made the cake for my "Welcome to Arizona/Congrats on your wedding" party last month. It was a decadent and delicious two-tiered cake with the top being lemon and the bottom chocolate cherry. No one could stop talking about how great it was and even the leftovers were moist and rich.The cake was beautifully decorated and was appropriately masculine while still being fun. Think of them for your next event! I can't wait to try some of their other pastries.
This is a great Asian buffet. I don't come to places like this expecting haute cuisine and I didn't find it. However, I was surprised at the variety of entrees and by how fresh everything looked and tasted. The best time to go is during the week for lunch. The buffet is $8.99 and you get unlimited sushi made to order by a sushi chef, build-your-own Mongolian stir fry, and six buffet stations of various Asian dishes. I love Asian noodles and their three varieties were delicious. I especially loved the duck noodles. Don't leave without trying the green beans.Additionally, you can observe the Native Phoenician in his natural habitat. Marvel as the gargantuan beast waddles toward the buffet line with two plates in each hand. Legend says that a Phoenician can eat three times his own body weight in one sitting. This is a great place to test the theory.
I had a great experience at Benihana last night. My in-laws took me there for my birthday--seriously does anyone go to Benihana for anything other than their birthday? The food was great and our chef, Jeremy, put on a great show though I did notice some of the other teppanyaki cooks were a bit more animated.The onion soup, salad and shrimp appetizer were as good as ever and the signature Mai Tai in a Buddha mug was delicious. I ordered the Splash 'N Meadow and asked for my meat to be cooked medium rare. It was the perfect texture and temperature. The shrimp were great, too. My husband had the mango shrimp and really liked them though he did mention the sauce was a bit sweeter than he'd anticipated. The staff was really great and made sure we all had constant refills. Our server was very attentive and helpful when ordering. Go here for your next birthday but make sure you go online and get the free birthday coupon first.
This place has a serious identity crisis. "Gay" is not a sufficient theme for a nightclub. Everything inside was really haphazard. There was no rhyme or reason to the layout or decor. Four go-go dancers crowded one stage and only one of them received tips. There are two level and an outdoor area yet the dancers grouped in one area. It's not that big of a deal, though. They should get rid of the dancers altogether and hire hot dudes to work the bar. Dancers at gay clubs are just...well, it's been done. A lot. And a lot better. By worse bars. Additionally, they let in bridal shower parties and then announced them over the PA. Um, I'm married to another man but it's not legal in this state but a gay bar is going to celebrate some annoying drunk girl and her friends? Sorry, but I'm from Chicago and bridal parties should be banned from gay clubs until we have full marriage equality. And finally, the drinks were extremely weak. I doubt I will ever go back to this place.
The food was pretty good. Their sides are better than a lot of "Mexican" places. I only gave it three stars because it's close to several other Mexican restaurants all of which have much better drinks and drink specials. The atmosphere was nice but my husband hated all the tacky gazing orbs. They might've been xmas decorations, though. Everything was good and I know I'll go back, but only because I can walk there. Great service from everyone we interacted with and all of the staff were very thoughtful and informative.UPDATE: I've upped the review a star since going back. Their $9.99 pick 3 combo really is a great deal. I'll be back again!
My husband and I were driving around looking at Christmas lights and stuff when Salty Senorita caught my eye. We walked up and the delicious smell was too good to pass up. The ambience is that of any open air sports bar, which isn't a complaint. I was actually surprised it wasn't more raucous. After looking over the menu I'd wished we'd gone for happy hour when the prices are much cheaper, but the total bill was still under $40 which is awesome considering all the drinks and food we got. I ordered the Chipotle Chicken burrito and my hubby had the Carne Asada burrito. Mine was delicious and spicy and I liked the Carne but my husband didn't so I had to drop a star. There was an awful lot of rice in his. My burrito was hot and spicy. I hate bland Mexican food. I was pleased but the place is far from perfect. They didn't ask us which sides we wanted. They just brought beans which didn't really bother me because that's what I would've ordered anyway. They had a good beer special, though. I'd definitely go back for a happy hour. I might have to find someone else to go with me.
Really average. I went their for someone's birthday dinner. Everyone kept talking up how special the place was and I was expecting a lot--especially for the price. My food was good. I had the spinach salad with grilled sirloin. The steak was pretty good and the salad was fresh and tasty. However, they didn't put cheese on my salad. They also forgot it on someone else's salad. The salad wasn't cheap enough for them to forget a major component such as goat cheese. My husband had the bleu cheese filet and really liked it. The white truffle macaroni was good but they used oil instead of shaved truffles. It was all good but should have been really special for the price. And--seriously--how can a place called "The Keg" have only five beers on tap; two of which are Blue Moon and Coors Light?The service wasn't that great, either. We asked for steak sauce twice and were almost finished eating when it arrived. The waiters and staff did not step aside and let patrons by. Several times a waiter squeezed passed me brushing up against me. They can't say "excuse me" or slow down for a second? The place wasn't that busy. I won't go back. The food was good but I could get a much more special dining experience for the same price.
They have a great happy hour. My husband and I got a huge platter of fresh and delicious sushi for a really good price. They aren't cheap with the booze either. I ordered well scotch on the rocks--half price at happy hour--and it was a nice full glass. The sushi was very good, too. The salmon skin was really crispy and delicious though that particular roll is a handroll in most places so I was a little disappointed that it wasn't here. The decor is really nice and trendy. It reminded me of some of my favorite sushi joints in Chicago. I'll be back soon!Oh, and if you go you have to try the tuna jalapeno poppers. They aren't like normal poppers. Just try them!
On a recent trip to Arizona, my in-laws took my husband and I to Joe's Farm Grill for breakfast before we had to go to the airport. I've never been to a restaurant like this before. It's actually a little hard to describe. There are two places to eat. There's a cafe and a grill. I'm really not sure if there's a difference. We were going to go to the cafe but the line was really long so we went to the grill. This required walking through the outside areas and gave me a chance to take in the whole place. There are community farm plots outside and several interesting outdoor eating spaces. The coolest was one around a massive oak tree. The restaurant is in an old converted house and some dining areas still look like a 50s-style ranch--which I think is pretty cool. Anyway, on to the food. I had the Huevos de Farm Grill which was good but not exactly what I was expecting. It's scrambled eggs with pulled pork, beans and fried tortillas. It was good but I didn't expect the pork to be mixed in with the eggs. My husband had the breakfast tacos and they were really good. Everything was fresh and delicious. Nothing tasted processed or fake. I'd definitely go back for the food but probably on a cooler day so I could sit out by the oak. The drawbacks are that you eat on plastic plates, which somewhat ruins the whole eco-friendly vibe, and the bathrooms are outside. The bathrooms are really cool. They have Barbie and GI Joe dolls encased in backlit shadow boxes. They really went for the 50s nostalgia. It feels like you're in a spaceship. However, I just really don't like going outside to use the toilet unless I'm sitting outside. Like I said, this was overall a great experience and I would definitely go back the next time I'm visiting my family in Arizona.
This is a fun little place for tacos and light Mexican fare. I had the ceviche and my husband had some tacos. The carne asada is some of the best I've had in the area. The ceviche was delicious. It wasn't overdone and loaded with unnecessary ingredients. Simplicity dominates the small menu at America's Taco Shop and the focus on quality is evident in the food. The best part is probably the price. Everything is so cheap! If you want a light lunch then you could get out of there for around four bucks but if you're really hungry drop a ten and unhinge your jaw. The hot sauce was also quite good. Very smokey and spicy. Great beer specials on the weekend!The restaurant is small but they have nice little patio with misters. Perfect place to stop for lunch downtown. I'm excited to go back when I'm hungrier. Their burritos looked delicious.
I'm glad my brother-in-law wanted to go here on his birthday or I never would've tried the place. I could never figure out how to say the name so I planned on avoiding the place until nuclear annihilation comes for us all. Anyway, the food was pretty good.To start I tried my sister-in-law's salad because they brought her the wrong size. It was a decent garden salad. I ordered the NY pastrami stack, and while it wasn't stacked quite as high as a traditional NY deli sandwich, it was still very good. They use real grain mustard which is essential. My husband had the buffalo chicken pizza and said it was good. I didn't try it because I'm not a fan of chicken pizza. I also tried the pretzel bread appetizer. The breadsticks were great but the cheese sauce was just velveeta and I didn't like it.For dessert we tried the "one hot cookie." It's hard to go wrong with warm chocolate chip cookies and vanilla ice cream. This was probably my favorite part of the meal.The service was great even though there were a lot of people in our party. I'd definitely go back and try some of their pizzas and micro brews. The prices are great too.
My husband's parents took us here for his birthday and we all had a great time. We sat on the patio which is a must. You get a great view of the field and much better--and cheaper--food than you'd get in the ballpark. The cheaper drinks are reason enough to visit this place. I had the Jack Daniels ribs and they were great. Everyone enjoyed their food which came out quickly despite a large crowd on the patio. The drinks were the best part. it's nice to be able to watch a baseball game with a pint of Guinness or a mojito instead of semi-cold overpriced beer. The best part of going on your birthday is that they skip the annoying song on the patio but still bring you a free dish of ice cream.
Good, cheap tacos. They were better than I was expecting. I only had fish tacos but my husband tried some of the other varieties and liked them. Cheap beer, too. Good no-frills tacos and beer are enough for me to come back again.
I got my first and only ink at Studio21, today. I couldn't be more happier and satisfied with the outcome. The studio was very clean and organized. Travis was very precise with the details of my tattoo. He is truly gifted. Highly recommended!
This place is still as great as I remember from back in 2012. Oliver is still as amicable and gracious as ever. And thankfully they still sale the best ginger ale ever!
This place is my new obsession.  There go my hopes of dropping weight before the new year.  It started when I just wanted to grab a quick cup of coffee without having to go all the way to Starbucks.  I live in walking distance of this spot so it was very convenient.  While waiting to get my drink, I watched as the guy ahead of me ordered a strawberry-filled crepe that looked and smelled delicious.  My olfactory sense made a mental note and I knew I'd have to make a return trip.  I ended up never even getting a crepe but tried a personal-sized Fuji Apple Pie instead. Lemme tell you when I say, I'm literally a slave to them now.  I find it very hard to resist swerving into the shopping center to check in to Suzuya to see if that wonderful pastry delight is sitting there calling me like a Siren to indulge in its culinary wonderment.In the last two weeks or so, I've had about 3 or 4.  I even ordered a full-sized one for Thanksgiving and literally prayed that no one would touch it before the night was over.  THANKFULLY, my prayers were answered and I was able to devour the pie all by myself over a course of a few days since Thanks.  (Try it with butter pecan ice cream and you'll be in heaven!)  I just recently tried the Pumpkin Pie and now I'm torn between which is my fave...so I just buy them both. :) The folks that work at Suzuya are sweet, polite and incredibly gracious providing the kind of hospitality that you only get overseas.  Just going inside, I'm transported to a place and world I've never been to but would now love to visit--Japan!  I count myself a a proud patron of this establishment and wish them all the success in the world.  I'm contemplating stopping by even as I type this... :::grabs keys:::
Tried this place out since it was close by and had late hours. I've only had this new sushi burrito thing once before and it was decent. I like the idea of being able to instantly fulfill a sushi craving on the go without having to sit down with chopsticks at a bar or table. So I was immediately drawn to this concept. The first place I tried was okay but nothing memorable. So glad I gave Teds a try. I had the #2 Ted's Unagi... I was a bit puzzled about what toppings to add but ending up adding seaweed salad, cucumbers and ginger to the spicy crab and BBQ eel. It was so delish I wished I ordered another.  Service was a bit slow because there were so many in person and online orders ahead of me but they were playing good tunes over the soundsystem (90s Hip-hop and R&B) while I waited so that was enjoyable. The thing is...I know I'll be an obsessive regular now because I love sushi so much especially on hot days. And we have quite a few of those in Las Vegas.  I can't wait to bring out of town guests to try out this local phenomenon--sushi burritos-- but only at Ted's!
Friendly customer service. I was in and out so quick for a smog check. Chevy was very friendly and convinced me to return for future services.
Security door looks fantastic.  Steel Creations worked with me until the design was perfect. Quality door; quality company.  Patti T
Food was ok.  The kabobs were dry and hard.  Rice was great. Chicken was great.  Service was great.   We did go very late at night so I'm thinking during their busy time it's better food.   50 bucks for 2 people.  Keep that in mind.
I have heard good things about this. But wow. No. It wasn't good and wasn't worth it.  Chicken was so dry had to spit it out.  The steak was ok.  The Latin food.  No. The tortillas were crap. The rice seemed like it was from a Mexican rice box.   The Asian food was good. Crab legs you really can't go wrong.Ribs had no meat on them. And the deserts were ok. But really not worth the 41 bucks.  Sad. I was really expecting more.  Our whole party was really disappointed.  Never again
The food was ok.  But the service is excellent.  Everything was a bit greasy and there is only 1 person working at a time.  I would not come back unless I was forced to eat it again.
I tried this place out 3 times, but only because I was working across the street.  1 Star Because the food is EXCELLENT - I tried there BBQ Rib lunch special and it was amazing.  There Egg Noodle Soup is also very very good.  The duck noodle soup is good also.  The food is not super high quality but they make it work.1 Star Because the service is very good and nice.  They know every person that comes in by first name and provide a friendly atmosphere1 Star Because the Thai Tea is very good.  Any that restaurant for me should have excellent Thai Tea.  The portion is a bit small but standard.1 Star Because the parking is easy and the spot is big enough to fit everyone and you are seated immediately.-1 Star due to the food taking a very long time.  A lunch is 1 hour standard for most people.  I work across the street and cannot get my food in time.  It takes at least 40 min for the food to come out and i made it back late to work.  every time.  I even left early to go eat at panna thai and i was still late.  One time, every single person in the restaurant did not have food.Total: 3 Stars = Eat on weekends and nighttime if you are local.  Not a place to drive far to eat or if you are rushed on time.
I'm here again. And once again this place rocks. I love how it's always consistent with great service and updated music. The food is great and the alcohol is awesome. Once again five stars
Tried this place on late night on a weekday.I was trying to make a list of the things that would fast good since the menu has like 1000000 things.  I was very very happy with every dish that i ordered.The beed tongue and Pork cheek skewers were amazing.  I actually went back the next day just to order the Uni Pasta again.  That plate melts in your mouth and is absolutely 100% one of the best dishes I have ever had.  I highly recommend this place. All dishes are made fast and the quality is very high.
Wow! What a great place to eat. Gives iHop a run for its money any day of the week. The babystack pancakes are to die for!  Everything on the menu looked and sounded delicious. After minutes of decision making I went with the country fried steak with the upgrade and the hazelnut pancakes. I left happy with a full belly. Would be coming back soon to try the rest of their pancakes. Please open up a chain in San Antonio!!
Dr. Kim is a very caring and competent dentist. The office is clean, has modern equipment, and professionally staffed. I would highly recommend my friends and family to see Dr. Kim in Las Vegas for dental needs.
The car wash damaged my RAV4. I felt my car being jerked around during the wash, sure enough it practically tore the rear bumper off. Don't use it!!!!! It will damage your car!!!!! Please go anywhere else.
I always enjoy my breakfast at The Good Egg! They have a large menu so no matter what kind of mood I am in, I can find something to satisfy my hunger. A BIG plus is their add on items that are only $1! As long as you buy an entree that is $4.95 or more, you can add an item for only $1 more. I typically get an omelette and add $1 pancakes. What a deal!Also, love the free meals cards. Five stamps=a free meal. At this location, Mondays are double stamp day so you can fill up a card quickly.The service is usually fast and friendly. However, there is one hostess who never smiles and seems to always have a bad attitude. There have been times when she doesn't even speak to me when I go to the register to pay. Not a deal breaker, but I probably would have given 5 stars if it weren't for her!
We spent 4 nights and really enjoyed ourselves. There was plenty of space in our suite to settle in and make ourselves at home. We loved having a kitchen with everything we needed to cook meals. On our first day, I did find a scorpion in the living room. I killed it and tried to move on, I'm from Phoenix and understand that they get in... but with 2 very young children staying with us it made me feel uneasy. I was on high alert for scorpions the rest of our stay. Happy to say we didn't run into any more.
As a mom of a 1 year old and a 2 year old, Jubeelieve is one of my favorite places! It is perfectly geared towards the young crowd, I feel like my children can play safely and I can have a moment to sit and breathe. It is clean, comfortable, and such a blast for my little ones! My only suggestion would be to ditch the TV. There is 1 TV and sometimes my kids will zone out. A radio would be better :)
Stopped in for breakfast around 9 am (Saturday), it was busy but we were seated promptly. The food was decent and was served quickly with a smile. We will be back!
Waited 45 minutes on a Friday night, not a big deal except the lobby was packed full and the hostess was rude and scowling acting like we were "in her way". I grabbed a drink from the bar while we waited, $2 margarita and it was tasty! Our server was friendly and the food was good. Once our server cashed us out, she was never seen again. It would have been nice to have my water topped off seeing as we had spicy food and lots of tequila!
We excitedly returned last night to try The Fortune Teller room. This time we brought 2 friends with us who had never done an escape room before. We were about 30 minutes into it, having an awesome time, when suddenly we found the scroll we were looking for. We were confused, what just happened? There were still lots of clues and unopened locks. Turns out... the staff forgot to return one of the locks to its place before we began, so we had unknowingly skipped a bunch of clues and solved the room. BUMMER. We had a good time, but left feeling a bit disappointed.
My son is now over 2 years old and still loves his swim class! We actually just enrolled our 11 month old son as well. The staff has been so helpful with finding classes for them that fit our schedule. Everyone on the staff at Hubbard has been wonderful to us! Thank you Hubbard!!
I decided to give this place a 2nd chance when I saw a groupon for half off. We found a picnic table right by a game of cornhole. Had a few drinks, played a few games, and hung out with our dogs. Our server was friendly and even brought a take out container with water for the pups.We have been back a couple of times since, and always have a fun time. The atmosphere is like no other. I really liked the prickly pear margarita, even at $8 and in a plastic cup :P
Stopped in for a quick lunch. The food was fine but I was surprised by the way the employees were loudly conversing at the register and throwing ice cubes... just obnoxious.
If you always want something to be wrong with your order, order from this location. I love the pizza and garlic sauce, so I keep coming back... and every time there is a mistake. Sometimes it's a small mistake like forgetting the extra garlic sauce that I paid extra for, sometimes it's a large mistake like giving my pizza to someone else so when I arrive my food isn't there. EVERYTIME they are reluctant to admit wrong doing or fix it.
The massage and facial were extremely relaxing until I had to check out and deal with the horrible customer service at the front desk. If you must go here, do not use/buy gift certificates!! It is a waste of your money and would be more fun to throw out the window
I had a nice prenatal massage here the other day. Very relaxing. The girls at the front desk were friendly and helpful. They got me in last minute which was nice because I unexpectedly had a kid free day. They also honored a promotional card i had from one of their other locations! I was pleasantly surprised by the great customer service.
Unimpressive.We stopped here for the first time last week. We thought that the ordering was unique, but certainly not great. I tried the Turkey Wich and my boyfriend tried The Wicked. When we got home and started eating our sandwiches, we looked at each other and basically said the same thing- where's the meat??? Considering the Wicked is a sandwich that comes with five different types of meat and three different types of cheese... we were expecting a little more.We shared an oreo shake, and it was tasty. They also have punch cards, something like buy 10 sandwiches, get 11th free. Though I don't think we will be back to fill ours up.
I'm really disappointed with the customer service at this store! I went in last weekend to have my wedding band inspected and cleaned, per the terms of my warranty, and I was treated so poorly! The first associate was blatantly upset that she was not going to make a commission because I was not there to make a purchase. The second associate was unable to find my information in the computer therefore there is no record that I brought my ring in for the inspection. I am very upset by the experience and dread dealing with this store in the future.
Depressed over the popular chain coffee shop that was out of product and unable to make me a caramel latte, I was sleepily driving home when Sunsational Coffee caught my eye and I pulled a quick U-ey and hit up the drive thru. Delicious rich flavor latte, friendly customer service, and double punch card Monday. Sunsational Coffee for the win! This tired mama thanks you!
Have used metro for the past 6 months for routine oil changes as well as some repairs. The customer service is great. Very satisfied every visit.
The customers always.... wrong? My order was made wrong and the response was "that's not what the screen says." I hand over my receipt and the response was "I can't read this, the ink is faded."Bottom line, Listen when I order and key it into the computer correctly. Otherwise fix it or give me a refund. I don't appreciate being made to feel like I'm the one who did something wrong. Although maybe I did, I went to McDonald's....
Just to keep track... I made the mistake of stopping here again yesterday. No caramel to make a caramel latte. The manager just does not care. As fun as it has been to track Dunkin's screw ups through my yelp reviews, this will be the last. I won't make the mistake of going here again. LOL
The first time I went to Brushfire was a couple of weeks ago. I was stoked because the food was great and the prices were cheap. Def 5 stars. However, I went back yesterday and while the food was still good, the exact same meal cost me $2.50 more than my first visit. Not a deal breaker, but def not cool Brushfire. While I like the new styrofoam containers that prevent my taco from leaking salsa all over the bag, I'd rather save my $2.50 and deal with a messy taco. Bring back the cheap-o wrappers and the cheap-o prices :D please?
I recently went to Heidi's for the first time and it was great. They had a white board with the day's special written on it: a chicken salad sandwich that came with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato and onion, your choice of a side, potato salad, coleslaw, or chips, and a fountain drink for $5.95! What a great deal! We asked the girl working if she liked the chicken salad and she replied that she did not like it because they use honey in it. I appreciated her honesty and got it anyway, I like honey! The chicken salad was great! Certainly not what I expect chicken salad to taste like, but delicious. I chose to have it on pumpernickle bread, which they bake fresh. I decided on potato salad for my side. It is made with red potatos and tasted good but the portion was very small! Now that I know how tiny the side portions are, I will always get a bag of chips instead.I am excited to go back and try some real deli classics and see what else they offer for cheap daily specials!
I've never seen more unhappy employees. Everyone on staff last night scowled when we walked in the door. We asked if they were closed and they said no, but continued to treat us like we kicked their dog.
I started going to this place because 2x each month I need to fax paperwork for my job. Other places, such as Staples, close early on Sundays and have left me in a jam. However, this FedEx is open until 9pm, sometimes later. The fax is self serve, and I have never had a problem.However, last night I went in to fax my paperwork and decided I also needed to buy a few things. I picked up my items and waited at the register. There were no employees in site. I wondered if I was the only person in the store. I left my items on the counter and left.I will go back because the late hours and self serve fax, but will buy my office supplies where the customer service is better.
I'll start by saying that I really love the teapot. The lattes are delicious, the staff is friendly, and the backyard is beautiful. It's a great place to bring my little ones to meet up with friends. We live in Surprise, so it's a bit far, but we tend to come in 2x a month.Today, however, I noticed that some of the toys are showing extreme wear and are still left out in the yard. It's concerning because broken plastic can be unsafe for the kids. I understand toys can be expensive, but the teapot charges a $2/child fee which is supposed to go towards upkeep of the children's area and toys. At the very least, the broken toys should be REMOVED. I hope on our next visit there have been some changes or it may be our last.
My family loves Mighty Moo's! Since first trying it, I think we have been back twice every week. We have to convince ourselves we don't need ice cream every night!!  They have plenty of flavors available and are generous with samples so you can find just the right flavor. My favorite is oreo cheesecake, absolutely delicious! The prices are great, lower than anywhere else and far better ice cream. All the staff we have encountered have been really friendly!
We came here last Friday for date night and it was perfect! Our server was friendly and took great care of us. We enjoyed our appetizers, drinks, and desserts but... its all about THE STEAK yuummmm!!!We called ahead and put our name on the list, there was still a bit of a wait when we arrived but worth the wait! Overall a wonderful experience, as date night should be :)
Always great service at Nail Depot! I used to live right across the street, and frequented this nail salon. I moved a year ago and I had not been back until tonight. I found myself with a Sunday evening free and every nail salon near my home closed. I figured I would drive up and even though the hours say they close at 5, they took me at 5:45!I was a little afraid that my pedicure would be rushed and sloppy, but I really wanted one so I took the chance. So glad I did! The man took his time(over an hour!) and did an excellent job. I chose pedicure #2 which included callus removal, sea salt scrub, and a 15 minute lower leg massage.The cost was higher than I have paid elsewhere, $37 before a tip, but I am a very happy customer. In the future I will remember that this place is worth the drive!
I don't see what the fuss is all about.I came here with a group of friends for pedicures based on a recommendation. We went with the KING. It was good, nothing special. I asked for french tips and they turned out a bit uneven.They charge you a fee for leaving a tip on a credit card, I believe the fee was $2. That seems ridiculous to me and was really inconvenient for one of my friends who didn't have cash and wasn't made aware of this until the end. I am a server and people leave credit card tips ALL THE TIME, I don't see what the big deal is and what could possible warrant a $2 per customer fee.They do a punch card of sorts but I didn't read the fine print because I don't think I will be back
I've always enjoyed the food and desserts, but tonight the service was great. It was extremely busy but the employees were friendly and quick to help when my little one dropped his entire cheeseburger on the ground. Thanks for the excellent customer service!
After filing a claim with our home warranty company on Saturday, we were told we would be contacted by Authorized Appliance Repair Co. They didn't contact us, but being a holiday weekend we patiently waited until Tuesday. When my husband called, the receptionist was rude and interrupted him saying they could schedule us for next week. Um, thanks anyway.
Just moved to the area and decided to try this place out.  I'll start by saying this is not a place to go and sit down to eat. There are only about 6 small tables and it was extremely hot!Anyway, my boyfriend and I split a chicken parm sub and a feta and spinach calzone. The sub was good. The bread was soft and fresh. The calzone was ok. We added chicken to it, but it was overloaded with spinach. I would have prefered more mozzarella and feta cheese. We tried a cannoli for dessert, delicous! The shell was the perfect balance of crunchy and soft, which is the reason this place earned the 4th star.I will certainly try Nick's again for their pizza, they offer free delivery within a 3 mile radius!
New to Surprise and always hesitant about trying a new nail salon, but I went off of previous reviews and I'm so glad I did! The pedicure I received was top notch. The tech who did my nails was friendly and paid attention to detail. He spent over an hour pampering my feet and now my feet and toenails look amazing!!There were a variety of pedicures, starting at $15 going up to about $40. Pretty typical prices but not your typical pedicure or staff!
I stayed at the Wynn for a work event and I would say 95% of our group was unsatisfied. The rooms are nice and large but you don't go to Vegas to stay in your room. This hotel is catered to the affluent but not the affluent and fun.The service is lacking. Besides for the woman that brought my luggage to my room all other employees I interacted with were rude, slow and subpar compared to other resorts in Vegas I have stayed at. The waitresses on the casino floor are difficult to find and seem to be bothered when you ask for a drink. The dealers were okay but nothing to write home about. The pools are clean yet are very unwelcoming, including the waitresses, lifeguards and bartenders.I would not recommend the Wynn to anyone. Instead if you are looking for a nice property that still provides a fun atmoshpere stay at the Cosmopolitan, Venetian/Palazzo, Caesars  or hell even the Monte Carlo would be better.
I do believe it's the 21st Century - can't imagine a more egocentric corporate giant than #AmericanAirlines. This evening: hung-up on by a "Customer Service" representative who had NO INTEREST in what I, the "customer" had to say. And this airline not equipped to accept payment at online check-in for baggage fees - may ONLY be paid AT the airport (unless you'd like to pay an additional $100 fee).
Pizza was ok, the cafe was understaffed and disorganized. No one in there smiled. The drink machine was out of ice, the frozen yogurt ran out and we had to wait.  When it was finally served, it was not frozen enough and grainy. Also, there are no healthy options on the menu except for a nasty looking Cesar salad. The bathrooms were dirty.The only employees that were nice were in the arcade area. They seamed to keep the atmosphere happy as I would expect every one employed there to do. Although there was the weirdest sign posted along the candy wall firmly warning the staff not to eat the (very cheap) candy. As a patron I really don't want to see the staff rules posted in a place I can see. It's tacky. Which leads me to believe the owners are cheap and tasteless. My kids did have fun. I wish that they would step up the food and build a strong kid friendly team to make the expirence better.
recently receiced an arrangement from here as a gift for my husbands birthday. they used kale as a decorative filler, this made all of the fruit taste like kale and made it inediable. i have sent and received these before and have never received one with kale.. so if you order make sure no kale!!!
not only is the food good, but the staff is awesome too!! there was a bit of a wait when we showed up and I was with my two toddlers. When I said that the toddlers were hungry they went to the kitchen and brought back a BIG bowl of fruit!! Blueberies and strawberries and it helped so much while we waited!! the service was so good!! thanks so much :)
worst cut ever! the stylest literally took 5 mins to cut my hair. she sprayed it with water, strait cut across the bottom and said I was done. I have layers, she didn't address that at all.  I left feeling like I wasted 20 bucks.
im so sad to see you go!! we recently moved here and this was first and really only decent food we had in the south hills area!! please open an other restaurant soon!!!!
I have to say that dr hetrick, his pa, and the nd dr visser were all wonderful. I have been a migraine sufferer for many years and the treatment plan they proposed was medication mixed with natural therapy, which I was very excited about. This is where the trouble starts. One of the medications they provided me required a prior auth, the office staff refused to submit it to my insurance. Said i could do it myself. I am in the medical feild and have a little bit of knowledge about prior auths, it requires a doctors signature to be obtained. I even tried calling my carrier, they thought i was kidding when i told them the prescribing office refused. So, ok i am left with the option to not get medication, pay  $100 for medication, or fight with office. Great. Thats not the end of the office staffs behavior though. For the procedure the nd wanted to do i was asked to call my insurance and verify coverage. I did, and they wanted a prior auth submitted. When I told the foothills neuro staff that, they said they don't submit prior auth form for that either. I went as far as filling out the form and asking if they could get the doctors signature on it for me, and i was told no. I work for a doctors office and none of the ma's have ever heard of this kind of patient treatment. Most of their job is getting refferals and prior auths. So really, if you want a frusteration free expirence, do not go here!If you are an MA looking for a cake job, this is the place for you
Best. Cookies. Ever. Really, they are awesome! The staff was super friendly, great experience overall!
The doughnuts are deeee-lish-ous!! And the owner is so nice! I have been in several times and he remembers me.. I can't say enough great things about this place!!
I have given this location two chances.. They are consistent. . . . Consistently sub par! The first time I went through the drive through and got a kids meal pb&j with an apple. My three and four year old were going to share it while I shopped. When we opened the bag  the apple was whole and the sticker was still on it (so not washed even) and the sand which was uncut as well! Wth! It's for a kid!!!! This time I got a salad and added avocado .. The lettuce had brown spots as did the avocado! So gross. Up your standards!!!! Healthy drive throughs are needed!!
Noel is seriously a skin genius!!! I have gone to her for over a decade. I have since moved to San Francisco and every time I come back to Arizona I ALWAYS schedule an appointment with her! :) The best thing about Noel is that she knows her stuff and can tell you exactly what you need to do with your skin. My skin has changed over the years and Noel will always tell me if I need to update my routine. I love that she keeps me up on new technology and skin treatments and I feel like my skin looks much healthier and younger thanks to Noel! Go see her and your skin will feel like a baby's bottom!
So I've been coming to this location multiple times a week for the last 7 years & compared to any other Starbucks I've ever visited, this is the only store I will go to. Every single employee remembers me & my drink and never fails to strike up conversation. They make a customer feel important & cared about. Any time my drinks ever been messed up they willingly fix it without a problem or attitude. I truly enjoy coming in every morning & seeing my favorite baristas. This is the only Starbucks I will go to, period! Going here is always a positive experience! XOXO Aly
Update: I decided to give this place one more chance, I ordered through uber eats and what do you know, they messed up my order AGAIN. I've never had a restaurant so incapable of handling something so simple. I warn everyone away from this location.Every single time I've came to this location they have absolutely messed up my order.Today I finally had it and called to inform them of what's been happening and I asked to speak to a manager about it and I was told their manager only speaks Spanish....I'm sorry but if you're a manager why do you only speak Spanish?? That just doesn't add up.I won't ever be coming back to this location. Definitely not worth my money, I suggest going to another yogis or just somewhere else entirely!
Awesome shop, super helpful with everything. Definitely would highly recommend them. They actually have well experienced people working here which is hard to come by now a days
Stayed in the King deluxe room which was comped since I am a diamond member.  I was disappointed that there was no tea waiting for me as I specifically requested to have that ready upon my arrival.  I definitely liked the decor of my room as well as the bathroom.  However I left my cologne I just bought at the room and didn't realize until a week later at home.  I am not too picky when it comes to hotels, so for me as long as my reservation is correct and I have a clean bed to sleep on I am satisfied.  The needs of the room definitely exceeds what I am looking for when I go to Vegas, I would definitely compliment them on their service and the fact that you can order Nobu room service which I definitely used more than once during my last trip.
My review will be biased as I usually game and stay either here or Caesars.  For some odd reason despite growing up , I always venture here for a hotel stay and some blackjack.  I am a diamond member so I usually get some sort of deluxe room comped.  Only issue is with this property it does cater usually to the younger crowd so I have to be cautious when playing blackjack with some of the patrons, but I guess that is one of the fun reasons sometimes to hangout at this hotel and casino is just the people watching.Definitely give it a thumbs up for being in the middle of the strip, at my current age, not a fan of their pools I usually venture to Caesars for that and as for dining options I've only eaten at the paradise buffet, johnny rockets or diamond lounge when I need a gambling break, which I need plenty more of .
This looks like a cool place and the menu looks like something I'd like to try. Unfortunately, I can't confirm- we sat the bar, bar was only semi-busy, bartender and bar-back passed by us several times without acknowledging us. We watched her refill several people's drinks, still nothing in our direction.  Too many good bars and restaurants in the area for this. Think my rating is harsh? Look at my other ratings-pretty much all 4's and 5's.
Really chill place, good service. The name is misleading to be honest- it is more Greek than Cajun. Still, we had a good time and will likely go back. Good beer selection, we didn't try the food, maybe next time.
Definitely one of the better cafeteria style restaurants that I've been to. Lake perch was good but not the best I've had. The perogies were really good. Great service, love the restaurant itself. We look forward to going back next time we're in Cleveland. Maybe try a steak- they looked really good- or maybe one of the huge cabbage rolls that everyone loves so much.
Ana was rude as we were checking out. This place could be much better if they were pleasant. However the food was good if you can deal with marginal service at best.
Blake was a mean person.  He claimed we were assaulting a little kid we were talking to and told his colleagues not to speak with us.  This offended us so we went to file a complaint about our experience.  The "manager" Brook told us to " be legit" and her little boyfriend called our friend a "problem child".  This was offensive and humiliating.  Multiple sources told us that Blake is a moody, rude person and one source (a colleague) told us that he flirts with her on the job.  I don't like to complain about people I don't know but I haven't heard one good thing about him and there are more than one bad reviews about Blake.Update: As I was posting this review a worker reached down to my phone to delete this review
Although the employees are kind, this place is a mess. Poor location and ridiculously expensive. They didn't even have fish and chips on their menu. I think the man himself needs to clean this place up.
Rooms are great but Rachel who works at the front desk is extremely rude and unhelpful. She clearly has no experience or just doesn't care about good customer service. I am extremely disappointed and humiliated by the way she treated me upon check in.
I wish there was an option for 0 stars, cuz they don't even deserve one. We checked in and told them we had TWO people, and seeing as there was TWO of us standing there, I don't see how that would be so difficult to understand. 15 minute wait, not bad. Wandered around, came back, I came up to the counter and the guy walked away, not a word, just turned his back on me and left. A little irritated, I turned on my heel and walked out, decided to try again in a few minutes. We come back in and the nice lady at the counter asked for our names, (unintentionally?) makes fun of my boyfriends name, and tells me that since the first idiot never asked for MY name, I had to wait behind the other 5 people that came in after me. LIVID. Guess you get what you pay for.
If I could give 0 stars I would. You pay a bunch of money for crap. I ordered French toast, chicken hash, beef sandwich, and a kale mango smoothie. The beef sandwich was decent but everything else was a complete ripoff. The French toast barely had any egg, the chicken hash contained 1 single tiny piece of chicken. I was really looking forward to the kale mango smoothie but it tasted like it was made with mango flavoured powder with a tiny bit of kale thrown in. I drink a lot of real fruit juice (mango is my favourite) so I can definitely tell the difference.
I went during the week with my two young children. We met a friend who also has a young child. Nice use of space. We didn't watch television, but it does have a few flat panel TVs that would be nice during football season on a weekend.  The space was child friendly - nice menu although they didn't offer crayons to kids, which they said they were in the process of incorporating.  Menu was huge and offered lots of traditional breakfast combinations. I had the waffle with eggs and sausage. I ordered the pigs in a blanket for my children. It is prepared with sausage that was fantastic. The perfect amount of spice and wrapped in pancakes that were also really good. My waffle was wonderful.  Really light and fluffy but with the perfect amount of crunch on the outside.  My friend ordered the French Toast, which was coated in captain crunch cereal (this sounds odd, but it was incredibly good and the bacon served with it balanced out the sweetness) and served with her choice of bacon. She ordered the applewood smoked bacon. It was excellent. They have five different types of bacon, including one infused with jalapeno, which I will try next time. The service was a bit slow, but understandable given it was the first week of opening.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone for a nice neighborhood breakfast spot!
It is were possible to give this restaurant zero stars, I would. I have been here 4 times in the past year in the hope that the service would improve.  I had first tried Taylor's several years ago and remember the food being good, but having very bad service. We recently moved close to the restaurant and are looking for a locally-owned breakfast place.  I am not usually such an optimist, but the local is right by our house. The menu is very large and the food has always been fine, nothing great, but the service absolutely terrible.  Not bad, terrible. Every time. All four times.  The wait staff is incredibly slow to take orders, bring drinks and food, and worst of all, after serving food, never check back to see if you need anything or offer drink refills. I cannot tolerate such poor service and will not return.  Trust me, you can find a better breakfast or lunch place.
We feel so blessed to have our four children attend Christ Church School.  This year we have a daughter in Kindergarten, two children in the preschool program, and our youngest in Play and Learn.  While we have always loved the CCS community and its preschool program, we weren't sure what to expect from the elementary program.  It is nothing short of amazing.  It is an advanced curriculum in a loving environment which encourages students to appreciate the beauty and grace in their lives. CCS encourages students to think critically, work independently and in partnership with others, and to truly understand the concepts of each subject.  Our Kindergartner especially loves the Language Arts program, which includes a dedicated reading specialist and daily opportunities for reading and writing.  It is a hidden gem in our community and we are so lucky to have found it.
I went to Imagination Avenue for the first time recently. I have 4 small children - all under 5. My nanny has been several times with my kids and they all love it. I was eager to take them and check out the space. Overall, I really liked it.  I especially loved the fire trucks and other vehicles they could drive around on the painted "road."  The main play space is set up like a small town, which I found charming.  My children especially loved the hospital area, where there was a small bed for the "patient" and they could administer shots and take temperatures.  My son also loved the train table with trains. I went on a Thursday so we could attend the story time. I was excited about it because we LOVE story times. We are regulars at story time at both the Phoenix and Scottsdale libraries and Pottery Barn Kids. We also go to Barnes and Nobel when we can.  I saw on Facebook that the story time would be "musical" and would include a story about an instrument.  I thought this was a creative twist and was looking forward to it. It was, sadly, extremely disappointing.  I did not find the instructor to be very engaging and she didn't read loud enough so the children could hear her.  (It IS loud because of the children playing in the other area but surely there is a way to address this.). She read 4 books in a row, one about a flute (the instrument she brought to show the kids) but didn't sing a single song. I don't consider that musical.  Even if she didn't have a CD player to play, she could have at least sang a few songs.  She did allow the children to "try" the instruments, which was fun for them. However, the WORST part - she had a tip jar. Seriously. I found this outrageous and ridiculously tacky.  If story time is "included" in the cost of admission, I don't want to feel pressure to pay additional money. If you want to charge per child, that is fine, but to offer a "free" class and ask for tips, I feel is inappropriate. That said, I liked everything else about the Imagination Avenue and I look forward to returning to play with my children. It is a great indoor option for the summer!
The absolute worst company. Dispatchers are rude and incompetent. Horrible customer service. The manager, Tara, told me today that I should not be surprised at the time it took them to tow a vehicle (by the way, they never even showed or called) because "if I knew anything about the towing industry, I would know that they are all flakes."  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
I took my three small children here a few weeks ago. We have been several times to another trampoline park in Scottsdale but we wanted to try Sky Park because it is in the neighborhood. I can only speak to the "under 7 area" and the foam pit, because that is where we spent all of our time. We went during the week, so it was not crowded, which was nice. There were only three other children in the area, but one (according to staff) was the owner's son and he was allowed to jump with his shoes ON and climbed up the trampolines, which (also, according to staff) was not permitted. I was extremely frustrated by this, as it encouraged other children to do the same, then when they were asked to stop were confused.  The staff was young and, apparently, afraid to tell this boy that he needed to follow the rules that were implemented for the safety of all customers. I asked the staff member why she didn't ask him to take his shoes off and why she allowed him to climb when it was against the rules.  Her response was a timid "he is the owner's son."  The trampoline area was fun and I liked that they had big sofas for parents to sit and watch the children, but I was disappointed it didn't have at least one bounce house with a slide for the younger kids.  The other park in Scottsdale has an area with two bounce houses (both with slides) and a trampoline area just for younger kids, which is really perfect.  I hope that Sky Park will incorporate this. If not, I am not sure we will be back. The foam Pit was nice and well organized by staff member who insisted all the children jump one at a time and wait for the other kids to get out before they jump. He said weekends were "crazy" and he felt much safer implementing this policy. I was thankful for the attention to this and his work to keep it both fun and safe for smaller children. Another complaint - a sign (and policy?) that reads "no outside drinks including bottled water."  This is outrageous to me. If I am paying to bring my children, I am not going to pay $1 or more for each bottle of water. I understand it is an easy way for them to make money but it will discourage me from ever returning unless they change this policy to allow for water.  I understand not allowing soda, coffee, etc. because of the risk of spilling, but prohibiting water is ridiculous and a poor business decision.
Bertha's is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  I am a regular, so I can't believe I am just now getting around to posting my review.  Favorite items:  Bertha's breakfast items are all amazing. I love the waffles, which are sprinkled with fresh fruit and whipped cream and for a more savory treat, I love the bacon, havarti, egg, and arugula sandwich.  The bread is pressed and the pesto sauce is perfect.  Bertha's also has an espresso machine and I love their Mocha. For lunch, I love the "lunch special" - any two items from the sandwiches, soup selection, or salad and it comes with chips and her special chocolate with white chocolate chip cookies (YUM).  The salami and pesto sandwich is amazing and I love the Thai Chicken salad. I am not exaggerating when I say that I have tried everything on the menu over several years, and everything is a winner! Bertha's also has wifi so it is a great place to work during the day and is also very kid friendly - lots of high chairs and a kids' play area in the back. On Saturday, Bertha's makes her amazing cinnamon rolls and homemade pop tarts.  They are reason enough to make the trip.  Trust me.  I am the boss of you - get them both. Bakery favorites: caramel toffee bar and brownie with peanut butter. The mini muffins are available most days and my favorite is the malted chocolate. I have had Bertha's cater a party and I often get carry out.  They execute both very well. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  All their items are wonderful, but trust me on the pop tarts.
I have been going to Orange Table for Saturday breakfast now for over four years. It is recently under new ownership, but the quality of food has not changed. In fact, the overall experience might be better! The food is OUTSTANDING. High-quality, local, seasonal ingredients and all prepared consistently every time. I love the banana nut pancakes and the Greek omelet.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu though.  We recently tried the Hatch omelet and it was fantastic - chicken, hatch chilies, onions, and Manchego cheese. Excellent!  I also recommend their coffee drinks - they have a great mocha.   In addition, their selection of small brewery beers and mixed drinks is fantastic.  It is really the perfect breakfast place now that they have added highchairs (hurrah!) and offers wonderful food with the option of alcohol for breakfast!
A small group of friends and I attended Maggie's Dim Sum class this past week.  My young children did Maggie's summer cooking camp a few years ago and I also attended a parent/child private class at Whisked Away, but this was my first time participating in an adult class.  I can't wait to go again! Some details:  - Whisked Away is in Maggie's adorable Arcadia home and she immediately makes you feel welcome.  Her kitchen is set-up perfectly for her introduction, demonstrations, and hands-on work. - Classes are typically 3 hours long and start with an introduction of her background and culinary experience, overview of the recipes, and demonstration of skills and techniques you will need for the class. I feel like I learned more in this first hour than I have in all my years of cooking (did you know that cilantro and parsley are the only herbs you can chop the stems into your recipe too?  ME NEITHER!).  She also gave really helpful information about where to purchase unusual ingredients.  You should attend one of Maggie's classes just for the first hour. - Maggie then breaks you into pairs to work through the recipes.  We had a group of 7 at our class, so one person worked with Maggie's help but at the end we all chipped in and helped finish recipes.  We were a group of 4 and it is fun getting to know the other 3 attendees. Everyone was so friendly and fun.  Maggie has the kitchen throughly prepped before you start with all of your ingredients, measuring cups, bowls, etc.  When the cooking starts, Maggie weaves her way in and out of the kitchen, doing the dishes, grabbing items from the refrigerator, gently providing helpful hints and working with you on your skills.  She was a huge help with my knife skills (i.e. Prior to this class I had none, so what I actually mean by "my knife skills" is my zero knife skills). I left with a ton of helpful hints for the kitchen. - The last hour we all helped finalize our dishes, make the sauces, and enjoy the amazing recipes! We made four dim sum recipes with three sauces: traditional spring rolls, salmon money bags, golden shrimp balls, flower dumplings, sweet cilantro sauce, ginger soy dipping sauce, and sweet and sour sauce.  Everything was awesome and it was so nice to sit down and enjoy a glass of wine (you can drink during the class to, just outside of the kitchen) and visit with our new cooking friends and Maggie.  - I highly recommend one of Maggie's classes! You should go to her website now and sign up. You won't regret it.
We live in the Arcadia area and this is a great indoor play place. I have been with my own children and with friends with children ages 1 - 4 and  1/2 on several occasions and they have all LOVED it. Great train set, play houses, slides, ride-on train, and small bouncy to get the energy out. Lots of other great toys too!  Very friendly owner. Also, a great place to go if you have multiple age children because you can see the entire play area from the numerous sitting areas (including a small caf that has wifi) and you can bring in outside coffee (yay!).  Definitely recommend for parents of little ones!
This is an amazing restaurant. I wanted to wait until I had been several times to write a review to ensure it was fair and that I wasn't just overly impressed with my first few visits. I have been more than 20 times. Several times for brunch, three times for dinner, and a lot of lunch visits. Always great service and the menu is terrific. I love the bacon burger and brunch options are all fantastic.  The baked eggs are amazing and I love the pork chile verde for brunch. It comes with a slice of corn bread and is terrific. My only complaint (although I find it important) is that I do not appreciate that the kitchen serves meals for children first. We often take the kids for brunch and I sometimes forget to tell the server that we would like our meals served together. Otherwise, the kids meals come out IMMEDIATELY.  I will be honest, I don't understand this. Especially at such a lovely restaurant.  I have talked to the servers about it before and while they are happy to make the adjustment, unless you ask, your children's meals are brought before the adult meals.  I dislike this for two main reasons: (1) assuming I allow my children to eat their meal first, after my children have finished their meal, they are less likely to sit in their chairs properly and be entertained while we eat, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, (2) I believe children should learn proper manners, which includes that it is not polite to eat a meal until all those at the table are seated and served. Even my two-year old can observe this rule so it is frustrating that a restaurant believes we should be encouraging children to eat when others are not.  Overall, a lovely restaurant. Wonderful, seasonal menu. Great space. Kid-friendly. Great wine list. Visit. Go now.
I will never buy food at that Wendy's again. Fries were old and cold, and customer service was the worst I've ever seen. If everyone hungry please don't to to Wendy's.
The worst McDonald's I've ever been to . I will not eat from a Micky D's again. The people they had working were rude and very unprofessional. The food was sloppy looking and their fries were cold. #NeverAgain
Place sucks in every area. Never again. Heavy set blond bartender/ waitress rude ass hell but killed with with kindnesses. Will not recommend this place to anyone. Nasty
Both barbers are very skilled in their barbering skills. I would highly recommend this spot. They took their time and made sure I was satisfied with my cut. If you're driving through and need a clean cut stop by this place or if you live here. This is the spot
Just walked in to rent a You Haul and was serviced by Michael a kindly Old Gentleman who knew his job and did it quickly. He was awesome we would recommend him to anyone. All Storage makes their own products so you don't have to buy U-Haul products at U-Haul prices All Storage prices are awesome we bought three different sizes of mattress covers and it came out to like $15 they were all less than $5 a piece. We love them and we will use them over and over. Good job All Storage
What a pleasant surprise. This quaint little motel is very clean, with good sized rooms, and reasonably priced. Kitchy but not tacky decor. Private patios with a couple of chairs looking into the center courtyard with a very nice pool. They even have a really nice community barbecue grill. Necessary upgrades (bathroom flooring, tv's, etc...). I will definitely recommend to my friends and family for a quick getaway. We were also thrilled to find out you get free entry into Old Town Nevada and the Zoo.
Dying battery, 9:45 pm, store closes at 10. They took their time, discussed our options, Waited patiently while we made our decision.  Then installed the battery and told us to relax in the air conditioning.  Battery was expensive, but that is anywhere. Nothing we can do about that. Other stores were closed. Too bad for them. Thanks guys at Auto Zone you rock.
As usual the food is pretty hard to mess up. It is Costco afterall. But the service is horrible and I think it makes the food taste bad too. They could use some time and stress management training for their team.
Good food and great service. Portions were surprisingly large and wonton soup was great.
This apartment complex has really gone downhill in the past year. The grounds used to be meticulous, now trash piles up constantly. The security is sparse and does not enforce any rules for safety. What a shame.
The donuts were hot and ready! The smell hung in my car for hours... it was heavenly. I stopped for a quick dozen early on a Saturday. The donuts were exactly as expected. Hot, full of glaze, too good to eat two. The customer service could use some attention. The line crawled along; the car in front of me reversed as I was pulling up and parked to go inside. I waited, and waited, and waited. Ordered a dozen glazed and crawled to the window. They needed to clarify my order by that point.... ummmmm okay. I feel like had I not said "thank you" I wasn't going to hear it. You get what you get. A dozen glazed under $10 you can't expect the world.
So I'm new to Carolina BBQ but I'm not new to knowing good food from bad. We have tried this place twice and it seems like it's a bit underrated. The food is very home style with simple decor and plastic plates. This isn't a date night but great for families. The first impression is always positive from the staff. The next welcome is with these fried cornbread things that really make you hungry. They are also nice to try all of the sauces on the table. We've tried a few things here and the redneck nachos along with the chicken tenders are the highlights. Dang those nachos.... with the brisket... and melted cheese... oh dang! These are also fun since you can pick your meat and cheese option (we did brisket and cheddar).  The chicken tenders seem to be made in house, no overly seasoned breading here!The BBQ'd meats have been good. The brisket is juicy and has a good flavor. The chicken is also a win. As for sides, we've really liked everything expect the Mac and cheese. The okra, collards, and slaw can jump on my plate anyway!
Simple and to the point. This type of pizza shouldn't be fussed with and over done and at DeSano's it's not. We've been here twice and will be back again. We've stuck with the traditional margherita and couldn't be more pleased. The flavor of the sauce is balanced with the cheese and garlic. The undertone of garlic on this pie can't be beat. The crust was perfect both times being thin yet stable for a clean bite. They could do a little something with the basil since it's just placed in the middle; it looks good but the flavor isn't everywhere. We've also tried the meatballs which were awesome and homemade. And the spinach salad. The topping work well and the portion is enough for two or as a meal itself. The metal tray is a bit weird but goes with the theme. The space itself has a great patio and a portion is heated for the winter. Big tables for groups with high tops and standard height makes for a family atmosphere along with a happy hour jive. Beer is on tap, you can pay at the front or over at the bar. A great spot with decent parking. Make it a priority to try this place.
So I knew this wouldn't be great but I was a little taken back. It was close to the hotel and had good prices. I agree with a previous Yelper that this is a local spot and outsiders are not very welcome. It's very loud but it looked to have a nice pool table in the back so it's fitting. The bartender was pretty nice since I was clearly out of place. She waited on me quickly and managed the fairly full bar like a pro. I ordered a salad, which came out quickly. It was fairly legit with chicken and blue cheese. It was heavy handed on the blue cheese, I didn't think I'd ever say that. The iceberg lettuce was okay but it didn't hold up to the toppings. This is a $2 domestic draft kind of place for locals to meet up. It's probably a great spot on a hot day for some cold drinks with friends but I'll drive further from the hotel next time.
The short version: the burgers were barely average but the sides and service were great.The positive of this place really focuses on the customer service and the amazing sides. We started with the Gouda cheese sticks, I know other reviews didn't find them amazing but we did. The melty goodness had a great batter and the ranch/BBQ dip was really a good pairing. With the burger we got the Mac and cheese, which seemed to have an extra something savory in it, and the bread pudding which was sweet but not too sweet. If I had to stop there this place would be a five but I must continue...The burger... the name sake of this joint was blah. The bun was dry and stayed dry since he meat was also dry. No grill flavor or juices with this burger so don't look for it. The sell was that it was a garlic burger, a Halloween these to keep the vampires away. I'm pretty sure even vampires wouldn't have noticed the garlic flavor either. The burger was just so dang boring it can't be what they are supposed to be good at. Try again Crafty Burger...
Pretty much what you expect from the Sports Bar scene. The restaurant and bar are separated which is nice for families. The decor is a bit run down but it's right in line with the expectation. The menu is huge for such a small place. Lots of bar essentials like nachos, burgers, and wings. We split the nachos and the pimento burger. The nachos were good with cheese melted on them, not a sauce. The ground beef had tons of seasoning and mixed into the layers of chips. The guacamole, salsa, and sour cream on the side were good placement. The burger was well cooked but still had tons of flavor. The additional toppings were a little much but really good at the same time. The bread was too thick but still had good flavor. The fries were pretty standard and didn't have any weird residual flavor from other items. The service was good and you can tell they work as a team. It's a very casual spot so stop by anytime.
Great prices on sushi and a fun variety. We were warned the service can be hit or miss so we knew that walking in. The first experience lacked the service but the second was fantastic. Hit or miss...The sushi was fun and high quality. We've done the classic California roll, pickled radish and the spicy tuna along with the specialty Gone with the Wind. The specialty Gone with The Wind will probably be a fan favorite for some time. It's a three in one giant disc that is a mouthy watering sensation. The rice Ball was okay... and that can also be said for the yakitori. Skip them and just dive into another roll or two. The restaurant is loud and busy during dinner. It's not the type of date night for something romantic. You might be able to find a corner but generally speaking it's loud. Huge parking lot and a patio on a nice day can also be added to the positive vibes of Ru San's
I can't... I just can't agree that this place is worth driving to or spending money on. Let's break it down....Waiting to be seated with open tables is always annoying. The problem here is that here isn't a host and the servers/bar tenders are taking on the role. Coffee. For a bistro who likes to promote brunch, just spend the money on real coffee beans. Again, i would assume this is a Sysco/Gordon product that they get cheap. The only save is that it was $2 a cup and I got free water. Creamer couldn't even save it. Chicken and Waffles. Decent waffle here but I'm totally confused why my knife couldn't cut it. A bit chewy which was okay today but I could imagine it angering most. The chicken was from frozen and had heavy breading. Salt was the flavoring of the chicken tender, it might be better made for gravy. The syrup was just sweet, not "red pepper infused" as stated  on the menu. At $12 bucks it fell flat. Not a "send it back" bad but a "won't order it again." The brunch drinks are also part of the push. Although I did not order any seeing them made at the bar made me disappointed for the recipient. The sad bloody marry only had a lemon and two olives. Lame. The restaurant is nice inside but the open space is loud. The wait staff don't have sections and they just take tables as they go. The bartender took a call and let the caller know there were only two kitchen staff; that explains so much. Not terrible but noting to write home about, just Yelp about.
Wings! This place is near my office and we drove all the way here on a Saturday for the wings! I'm not sure why they are so darn good but it's a combo of size, flavor, bite through, and well they just aren't super greasy. We were able to order two flavors and both were a win. Hot and fast these wing need are crying out for a beer. We also had the nachos (super healthy lunch). The cheese was hot and melty and the steak was tender. The cheese sauce was mixed throughout with only a few bare chips but there was cheese elsewhere for dipping. The improvement here would be the size of the steak, they are more like a steak bite than a nacho topping. The chips held up through most of the process, as you reach the bottom naturally they are a bit soggy as expected. This place also has a very nice area in the basement for events that shouldn't be missed as parties are planned.
This might be a "local" joint but it feels like a chain. We met up with some friends for lunch and the first thing I noticed was the smell of dirty rags. Restaurants should smell like food not like food leftover. We were promptly helped but the food was just average. I had a burger with fries that could have come from any chain in America. The salads at the table looked good but has very off combinations of flavors, not to mention they are served in a mixing bowl. The positive was that there was good service recovery when wings came out bone in vs boneless. The staff were helpful and if your going to watch a game the TVs are all over. Don't hold your breath for the food.
Very dishonest !!! If you are buying your car at the end of your make sure you review your lease end agreement and residual value of your car as they will try to charge you for the sales tax that is ALREADY INCLUDED on your buyout residual quote from their own Hyundai financing company...Salesman are very un professional and worst, upper management are just plain indifferent and don't give a shit when you bring it to their attention to make things right for the customer. DEFINITELY STAY AWAY unless you want to have the WORST customer service !!
Company is making fake bookings for rooms not even available then not notifying customers that they have no reservation.Completed by booking on Onetravel.com for a reservation for 2 nights w/ car rental. Received confirmation booking, then a week later get notified my card could not be charged so the hotel portion wasn't booked? Not sure why the card would be declined, let alone why just the hotel portion would be cancelled and the car rental remained if my card was truly declined (which I knew it wasn't). Then I asked why I couldn't just provide my card information again and he stated I would need to rebook online and he would cancel my car reservation, but there was a penalty which of course sounded ridiculous so I asked if my card was declined how would I be penalized and charged? He then agreed and cancelled it so I could rebook without a fee after I argued with him. I re-booked my reservation, received my confirmation email, etc. and decided to do some checking on the car rental just to be sure since I was skeptical of Onetravel.com at this point. The car rental agency then indicated the car reservation was around $15 more than what my confirmation from Onetravel said even though the terms & conditions for one travel said it included taxes and fees (just not extras - which I didn't have). So I emailed onetravel asking them why this was, and they responded several days later with a generic email cancelling my car reservation portion of the reservation only. Nothing else, no inquiry as to if that is what I wanted or anything. Okay fine, I would rather book it myself at this point since I am done dealing with onetravel as they have over a 40 minute hold time every single time I call and clearly they cannot communicate via email for my customer service requests. So then today I decide to double check my hotel portion since I had not seen my card charged for the amount of the hotel yet which I found odd and sure enough after waiting for 45 minutes they inform me the reservation was cancelled because my card could not be charged. I asked for the code that was returned on the card declination and then after speaking with a supervisor (Carl) he indicated the real reason was because the hotel was overbooked and the hotel wouldn't honor the price that onetravel had on my booking confirmation so they cancelled it and just said "your card wasn't charged what's the problem?" The problem is, it is now 2 weeks later and I have no reservation, they didn't notify me, and now the prices are double or triple as the date is quickly approaching for my trip. I was trying to speak with his manager, but when he said his manager's name was Rufus Taco, I knew it was going to be impossible to get any type of service from this company as he was full of it. So not only did they not notify me I had no reservation, they are still, TODAY, listing that hotel as available and they have told me the hotel will not honor their prices so they just tell the customer the card cannot be charged. I asked why they were doing this and he then repeated "your card wasn't charged, what's the problem?".This is absolutely ridiculous. I am glad I have no reservation with them although it is costing me twice as much to book a room now because it is now two weeks later and the prices have shot up, but hoping others don't end up getting to their destination to find out they actually have no reservation after all.  Stay far away from this website onetravel.com and their company Wk Travel.
We enjoyed the restaurant and I give it a three star and my wife gives it a 4 so I'll put a four-star here. I felt that the food was a little overpriced for lunch -- approximately $10-$12 a plate. But all in all a was an excellent experience.
Fucking horrible ....made a appointment and waiting 2 1/2 hours before I just left out of there .....5 people walked in and recieved a cut before me...$30 for me and $25 for my son and I have to wait 2 hours pass my appointment ..Got me fucked Up....I rather give the white man my money...#NIGHAS....I'll never return to this place and I won't recommend this shop to anyone...1 star
Horrible management....A nightmare ...all they want is the money and they are the scums of rental properties...my advice run away and don't come back....Rating is a -5
Tried this restaurant last night and i am left with mixed feelings. First of all the music was great! Awesome reggae music. It was a group of 7 including 2 kids. This place is not kids friendly but if you so happen to have your kids with you , you will be alright. We ordered a number of things and they all turned out good except for the grilled Steak with chimichurri sauce. The steak was a bit burnt and the sauce was not a good fit neither was any other option brought to me. So i left very disappointed! But my server Kurt i think his name was was so awesome and he tried so hard to give me a sauce to go with the steak. But at the end of the day. I think it wasn't the steak but the sauce that was so much of a problem. So i recommended this place but skip the steak. I am a New Yorker i know good food!
I normally dont care that much but this place was a terrible experience for me and the other table's around me. The service is bad, there are pleny of employees walking around. The guy directing everyone did nothing but tell the other people where to sit customers coming in meanwhile everyone is sitting and waiting for water or any attention at all from a server. The servers use some tablet thing to put in the orders so placing your order takes extremely to long. The funny thing is the food came out extermly fast which suggest its not all thay fresh. All in all I,think this place is porrly managed, i could tell my server was doing all he could but not getting the support from management or the resource needed.
Started with bruschetta. It was very good tomatoes very fresh, excellent olive oil. The sweet potato ravioli was amazing, very rich. We also tried the chocolate souffl ....yummmmt!!
Fast service. Just stopped in for ice cream. Ice cream very creamy and yummy    Good price.
First I always pass by this place after going to my gym (LVAC  215 av.) And today was the first time i walked in. The employees are verry nice and you order will be in your stomach in less than 5 minutes after your order.I WILL BE BACK !!!
I stayed at here for two nights and there was mold in the tub and the shower drain was clogged.  The swimming pools were nothing to get excited about. I won't stay here again.
We had no idea what to expect walking in here. We were blown away. The ambience, service, drinks, food - even the music - all outstanding. The best Mexican food I've had in years. The queso is insane. The guacamole is insane. It was hard to make room for the rest of the menu, which is - wait for it - insane. That good. Can't wait to go back. I can't remember the last time I walked out of a restaurant already planning my next visit. Don't let the parking scare you off. Park across the street at Jersey Mike's (it's allowed). Try a Paloma. Have a shot. Get the queso.
I don't write negative reviews but I'm about to make an exception. Pretty much the lousiest car wash ever - and I sprang for the big ticket experience. I don't think they even touched the windows, inside or out. Didn't do jack inside except a halfassed vacuuming. I'm super disgusted. Never again.
I've been eating YMD for the past couple of years. I'm addicted. Everyone I introduce to YMD is addicted. These are just my most favorite treats, period. Love that they source local ingredients. Love the staff. Love the fact that nothing about the location (sad little strip off Monroe Rd near hwy 51) prepares you for the food magic inside. They do a big, tender, flavorful square donut. Dark or milk chocolate ganache, cinnamon, lemon, strawberry, lavender etc etc glazes. Something different and yummy every time I go. Their filled donuts are last-meal worthy. I especially love the apple filled. Cinnamon rolls the size of a baby's head your thing? YMD is your place. I LOVE IT ALL. Get there early because they sell out. And when you get there late and they've sold out, you're filled with sadness. Don't be filled with sadness. Be filled with donuts.
Let's begin with a confession: I don't like gyros. Feta cheese? Pass. You know what changed my mind? This place. I now eat here or get takeout once a week because everything is fresh, delicious, well-prepared. I love GFG. The cumin-garlic fries are like, whoa fries calm down! Try them. try everything. TRY IT!!!
I judge a breakfast place by a couple of things. One, do they have real butter in the little plastic tubs on the table? I'm not wasting precious carbs on a pancake slathered with margarine. Two, is the bacon legit? We've all had that weirdly flavorless, transparent cheapass bacon. Not wasting precious calories that way either. Third, are the grits creamy or watery? Light Rail passes all three tests. It's not fancy, it's not artisanal, it's not farm-to-fork. It's a dive-y diner that's gonna get your eggs right, keep your coffee cup filled, and make you a pancake like your Grandma used to - complete with Aunt Jemima syrup. Service is fast and friendly. Portions are generous, not ridiculous. You'll eat your breakfast, not waste it. If you want bacon and eggs that come from heirloom chickens and pigs that were fed on acorns and chia seeds, keep looking. But if you want some damn breakfast, Light Rail will cook you up some damn delicious, old school diner breakfast.
The only place in town I that I know of that sells chitterlings.. Only reason I didn't give it  more stars is bcuz the food is a little bland!
I love their poke bowls.. Tha lady at the counter is really nice and helpful.. highly recommend!!
I love this place it's my favorite sushi place In North Las Vegas! Great staff. I always sit at the bar. The prices are fair and they have a really good menu.  Try the "creamy mermaids" and the "hurricane ahi roll"
Called to get an estimate for work to be done. Person I spoke to was not very nice. He was so rude and condescending during the conversation. I told Him that I was not longer interested in obtaining services from this company. I let 3 Stars because I can't speak on the ACTUAL WORK done becuse his attitude didn't allow it to even get they far, very sad.
Crystal l the waitress serving the slot machines was awesome very very friendly and provided the best service I've ever had in any casino
Lets just say you get what you pay for.  The hotel and room was clean but that's about it.  The room needs a lot of TLC.  Bathroom sink has a large crack as well as the bathroom floor tiles were also cracked.  I booked a strip view room and got a pool view.  I was only stay a short time so figured no big deal.  Wrong, the pool noise level was stupid loud and not a single person poolside?  Anyway, the service was good but the food was not.  Hung out Sunday to watch the game in the sports bar.  it was full with people and 1 poor girl working.  Like I said, you get what you pay for and this was $200 cheaper than the other places I was looking at.  Next time I will pay the extra money.
Blackened Chicken Irish Nachos.  They're so delicious that I want to write an ode to them.  I'm sure the rest of the food here is delicious, too, but I'll probably never know.   Nachos made with homemade potato chips?  Brilliant.  I wish I could give this place ten billion stars.  It's got everything going for it.  An Irish pub that's open 24 hours a day and serves the tastiest nachos to ever pass through my lips?!?!  With video poker at the bar?  It can't get any better, right?  Wrong.  It can.  It's also a NY Jets bar.  I love that more than I love the nachos.  I'm packing up my car and moving to Las Vegas.
Just picked up nachos to go with salsa on the side so they didn't get soggy on the 3 minute trip home...got home...no cheese in the $12 nachos...very disapointed...how can  you have nachos with no cheese....not very happy at all....totally overpriced as well.
I love this little gem in the neighborhood.   I frequently go in for their signature olives, lasagna sheets, ditalini (hard to find around here) and san marzano tomatoes.   It's also one of the few places I can find Lucatelli cheese.   Waiting in a long line today with everyone buying bread, I decided to step out of line and get a loaf.  Good idea!  There is a popular bakery next door, but this bread...well I would drive 40 miles for it...it was fantastic.  I bought the pugliese because they had just sold out of the ciabatta...I suspect i will be there frequently for this  bread alone.   I hope they continue to thrive so they are always just around the corner.   Take the drive here, you will not regret it.
I love Angie's...always have...love the sauce and Pizza and love going there and eating....but recently I ordered to go and the young sweet gal took money from several patrons and then made pizzas, all without gloves or washing her hands....it kind of turned me off to be honest...especially after seeing some of the people she handled money from .   Lack of good sanitation practices makes me rethink ordering pizza from here.
Meh. This place is dingy, there is construction so it is hard to find the entrance. Went here to go to Hash House. Place is small and not many machines. I didn't stay here but being inside I probably never would. I know some people who absolutely swear by this place. Maybe there is a sense of olde worlde charm about it, that somehow were connected to a part of Las Vegas that no longer exists. However, i would venture to Flamingo for the last of the dying hotels.
This place catered for a work conference. Buffet style lunch. One day Italian and the other day Mexican. I thought it was pretty good. Much better than to be expected. the reviews on this place aren't great and I couldn't speak about the regular meal service. However, everything I had in the buffet lunch was really good, cooked wall and lots of flavor. The Mexican lunch was a little on the salty side but hey what isn't salty in Las Vegas? Service was good, just busing but the were prompt about everything.
Yah not bad. Hey my bed was really comfortable and I slept well. I had a room on the 29th floor overlooking the pool. I was here for a conference and many people on lower floors complained of noise from the cannon ball during the night and some sort of fan system. I like the location on the strip and it's pretty convenient to get to a lot of thins. Mall right across the street with higher end stores over Miracle Mile. Fuck the miracle mile! The crowd for Mystere every night was a little annoying. The bars in here aren't so great, a little seedy and felt older than the hotel was. I did not like at night that there is a good fellas looking guy standing at the elevators asking for keys abrasively. Nor do  I care for the almost exact looking guy guarding the pool, which by the way is in the weirdest location, you can see it from every angle of the hotel except for where the entrance actually is..... it's odd. Gambling is so so, not the worst but not a great variety of slots. These penny slots are the biggest rip off, I want the old days with nickle slots. The hotel doesn't have any great dining but it is close to the hotels that do!
What can I say... It's Starbucks, they have this place down to a system, guy who takes your food order, guy who takes you coffee order, guy who rings you up. You will probably be in the photos of many German families who are taking photos of this American institution. Just outside the front door of Treasure Island so very convenient for the morning walk of shame ;-)
I had the lamb chops in a balsamic Serrano chili reduction sauce. The chose I ordered medium rare. The plate was saturated in this sauce which was incredibly over powering, too vinegary and really needed to reduce longer or use a better quality balsamic. I had this taste in my mouth for days. It was edible but I don't feel was executed properly and for the cost I would expect that. When i told the waiter he said it's not for everyone. I explained that the issue was the vinegar was over powering and if it was properly done it should be more sweet than vinegar. The lamb chops were a little over done cooked medium well-ish and were and effort to cut. The tamale served with it was underwhelming at best. My friend had the ciopinno, and it was phenomenal.. I was very  very jealous of his dish and he was lovely to share with me. The flavor of the broth was sensational, I could drink the broth. The seafood was quality.We had the hibiscus margaritas, which I loved! The bread served at the beginning was interesting. Some I liked more than others. the jalapeno corn bread I felt just had a weird flavor, and the taste of baking soda was intense. My husband didn't seem to notice. The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desires. I feel more as if i am in some high ceiling-ed cafeteria with table cloths. It's not romantic or special, more of a cattle call. I think the design could have lent a little more to the intimacy and experience of enjoying the food. Again, for the price I have had better for less. Based on my experience and for the cost this place, I would say I expected more.  The Ciopinno is what saved my experience. I might try this place again if I was with a group or person who insisted on going but would not get the lamb, and most likely wouldn't seek it out again.
Certainly not as good as the one in San Diego. The sage fried chicken was very good. The bloody maria was exactly what I needed. What I specifically don't like is that it is in Imperial Palace. There are no windows, give it a basement-y feel event though the place is large and bright. Really, i insisted that my husband and I share, but he wanted his own. Anything is enough for 2 people and if you don't have a refrigerator or microwave in your hotel you wont take this to go so just share.
I don't even know what to make of south american influenced sushi but why the f**ck not. this place is worth try, better than throwing your money at gambling (don't kill me ghosts of Las Vegas' Past) I felt I could have shoved a few sushi rolls up my butt to get some attention in this place but whatevers. I liked what I had, but seriously you better be dipping my sushi in some beluga caviar to justify these prices. All I'm saying is, why is every place is Las Vegas so dingy? The cleanliness of some of these places is really atrocious. I just expect a little less worn in place for the price is all i'm saying.
I dream of this place sometimes at night, shamefully I devour each delicious bite of a  wagyu brgur with truffle sauce and frois gras. I know frois gois if evil, horrendous, etc etc, but is is sooo delicious. Crispy outside pink in the middle with a matching ground juicy burger below it. I could literally drink the truffle sauce, it's a-mazing. Even if you just dip your fries in it, just do not come here without ordering it. I ate the whole thing, on my own and stuffed to the gills I wanted more. I love the atmosphere, the service and I prefer to sit at the bar... hence burger bar, but if you must table it then you must table it.
This place is great. Cantonese style chinese food. Really good. I just needed some vegetables in me and something that wasn't a gut bomb. After 4 days in Vegas you can start feeling a little lethargic from all the booze and fat and carbs, that you begin to crave a fresh salad or some simple chicken and vegetables. The wonton soup was EXACTLY what I needed. I walked here easy from Treasure Island. It's kinda funny to find, you have to walk through the bar. It was seriously the coolest things ever. I think it goes something like this:Two hungry tourists walk into a bar looking for Chinese food. The townies, and burnt out regulars hunched over their drinks hardly look at you as you walk around like a dizzy cheerleader "like where do I go for the Chinese food?"Service was fast. Prices were cheap. Ambiance was nil. I would most pleasurably go back.
I'm an avid spa-goer, and was excited when I received a gift card for this particular spa.  I booked a massage and a facial.  I have to say, to my dismay, that my experience was less than stellar.  The decor was quaint, certainly nice for a small spa, and they have a lovely aquarium in the cozy...well, tiny...waiting area.  They have one changing area behind a curtain and a wooden chest to put your belongings in (you are assigned a drawer).  Unfortunately, there is no lock on these drawers, so you feel obligated to drag your purse around with you.As for the massage, the atmosphere of the room was nice, good music, perfect lighting.  The massage itself was very well done, very relaxing.  Unfortunately, another employee accidentally walked into the room after the massage had started.  This obviously should not have happened, and made it difficult to relax again.  I might also suggest that the spa invest in heaters for the blankets.  Other spas I've gone to have had this, and it's made the experience so much more relaxing, whereas at Hydeaway, I found my feet to be quite cold.  Despite these minor disturbances, the massage was fine.The facial was another story.  I found it to be sloppy and not relaxing at all.  The esthetician used a scrub on my face early on in the facial, but then used the same scrub-covered gloves throughout the entire facial.  Needless to say, I felt like there was grit on my face throughout the entire facial.  In addition to that, the esthetician failed to remove the scrub entirely from my face after the facial was over.  I left the spa with clumps of scrub in my face, neck, and even in my ears.  I've had several facials from several spas, and this was one of the worst. Furthermore, I found some of the staff (not all) to be unprofessional.  At the completion of my spa experience while I was making my way back to the changing area, I overheard two staff members talking about upselling me skin-care products, at which point they noticed me and quickly shut the door.  I was very unimpressed.  Overall, I would not recommend this spa and will not return.
Their shawarmas are delicious!!!  The best I've ever had!  I have daydreams about that garlic sauce.  Hahaha!
My finance and parents decided to dine here because we're thinking of holding our wedding reception in the Waterside Inn (the hotel in which Breakwater is situated).  My family and I have eaten here before, and the food had always been incredible.  I have to say, though, I was a bit put off by my most recent visit.  We ordered from the prix fixe menu, and the varieties sounded delicious.  My mother and I ordered the same salad, and to our dismay, both of our salads arrived with no dressing.  After the waiter suggested that it was "lightly dressed" (it wasn't), he brought out some dressing for us.  For our entree, three of the four of us ordered the scallops.  The flavours were good, however the cleaning of the scallops was careless; all three of us experienced a gritty texture in our food (perhaps sand).  The dessert, on the other hand, was very tasty.  I don't want to jump to conclusions, however we never had these kinds of disappointments at the Breakwater with the previous executive chef.  I worry that the new executive chef (who was the previous sous chef) may not have the same attention to detail and quality control.
I've been to a lot of spas, so naturally I was thrilled when my bridesmaids chose to take me to one.  Three of the four of us booked massages, I booked a facial, and two of the girls got manicures (one shellac, one standard).Atmosphere:  The spa itself was nice, clean, and tasteful.  Not the largest spa I've been to, and not as many amenities as other spas (such as whirl pool or sauna...which is why I've only given it four stars), but there is a decent sized sitting area/lounge with cucumber water and tea available for guests.  The staff were all polite and accommodating.Services:  I booked a Swedish massage with an RMT.  It was very relaxing, and she seemed to know what she was doing when it came to moving my neck, arms and shoulders to stretch tense muscles.  The facial, I'd have to say, was one of the best I've ever had.  The products smelled (and felt) fantastic.  Furthermore, the "technician"? (I'm not sure what their official title is) was very attentive, and incorporated scalp and neck massages while waiting for the masks to be absorbed (I realize that this is not uncommon, but I have had terrible facials where the technician has left the room several times during the treatment).  Two of my bridesmaids received manicures.  They felt that the manicures were just okay (they've had better results elsewhere).Overall, I would return to this spa and I would recommend it to others.  I had an enjoyable experience.
My husband and I are celebrating our 1 year anniversary this coming Sunday, and decided to road trip to Cleveland! Bring the foodies that we are, we looked for the best place to eat in Cleveland and Melt came up. We came in to great beer specials, and were extremely impressed with the service and menu. Sadly, we waited over an hr for our food BUT the manager Kevin was INCREDIBLE. He came to us before we went to him. Apologized for the wait and made our time here AMAZING Kevin, thank you for everything! Our wait was definitely worth while! We can't wait to come back here, thanks to YOU (and the monte cristo. OMG) THANK YOU! HUGS FROM CHICAGO.
I don't normally write reviews but we had a bad experience here. First of all they were out of mc chickens which I don't mind but the thing that made me mad was the lady at the window was so rude. She handed us our food then shut the window we then waited for her to open it up to ask for sauce she gave us attitude and only handed us one. We then said thank you and she didn't say anything just shut the window. We then drove off and once we got to the freeway we realized all of our food wasn't there we had items missing that we ordered, plus one of our sandwiches we asked to get it plain and it was full of lettuce . So we turned  around drove back went inside, there was a long line so we went to the front and the lady then told us we had to wait in line. Why should we wait in line when they messed up our order and we had already waited once in line. Just overall im not happy with them and I won't be back.
Great seafood with lots of tasty sauce options. Be prepared for a messy meal since seafood is served in bags. The restaurant provides big bibs and gloves to make this easier.Tried the ship, clams, mussels, and lobster. All were great but mussels and lobster were definitely the highlight. I especially enjoyed the city and garlic butter sauces. Would also recommend the salad bar.Since the restaurant is new the service was still a bit slow bit not a big inconvenience. Will definitely be back again. Prices are also reasonable for amount that you get.
First time visitor and was very impressed with the food, atmosphere, and service. Was a busy Saturday night and staff made sure to keep everyone happy. All curry and tandoori dishes were great with Bharta being the highlight. Also enjoyed the kulfi at the end. Bonus point for handing out coloring books to kids! Will be going back!
Great restaurant with friendly service. Love the cod cakes and the steak platter for two. Prices are reasonable and the place is very family friendly. Also some nice micro brews on tap. Have been here multiple times and always a great experience.
Great Polish food. We had the pierogies, sausage, and the potato pancake with goulash. All dishes were excellent and tasty. The massive potato pancake was definitely the highlight filled with plenty of goulash beef. The sides of beets, cucumbers, and horseradish coleslaw were also great.Overall, one of the best Polish restaurants I have been to in the GTA.
Great high end meal from top to bottom. All dishes and apps ordered by our party of 6 were excellent. Highlights included the prom trio, pickerel, lobster angolotti, and the gnocchi. Deserts were also great and creative. Service was also wonderful. Was thoroughly impressed with Bosk and would not hesitate to recommend it to the foodie crowd.
Great Indian food. I ordered delivery and was thoroughly impressed with the quality and taste of all of the dishes. Saag paneer was great with lots of rich spinach flavour. Similarly the tika masala had great taste with more to it than most other standard versions. The highlight had to be the nice lamb biryani which had plenty of kick. I'll definitely be back. This is now my favourite local Indian restaurant. Only downside was that delivery took a while but I was appropriately warned when I ordered.
Great new spot on Lakeshore with friendly service. Pizza was excellent with nice crust and great artisan toppings. Also really enjoyed the mushroom salad and the tiramisu for dessert was among the best I have had for a while. Will definitely be coming back!
Great brunch place with the kids. Kids get to pick what they want on their plate and the other "normal" items are great and varied. The biscuit sandwich was great.There is also a selection of toys and coloring books at the rear to keyed the kiddos occupied. Service is a little slow but it goes with the low key feel of this place. I don't mind waiting for a bit with coffee in hand.
Great schnitzel sandwich with dill sauce on fresh kaiser bun. Even better is the huge beer to wash it down with. All is definitely homemade and has an authentic feel. Friendly service and child friendly. Highly recommended.
Great Cuban sandwiches together with nice atmosphere and friendly service. This is definitely the best Cuban sandwich I have had in Toronto. Will definitely go back again.
Great fine dining experience! Had the 5 course meal and all courses were great with creative ingredients and plating. Pigeon and the Halibut were highlights. Service was attentive but not stuffy. Definitely among the top restaurants in Toronto. Don't forget to take some of the Madelines home with you ...
This review and rating reflects the glacially slow and unorganized service. Although friendly, the staff was not equipped to deal with the Sunday evening dinner "rush." The food was good and what you would expect from East Side Mario's.Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed that there was a wait even though there were many empty tables. The restaurant was relatively busy but by no means anywhere near full. There were also many tables that had yet to be cleared even though the customers had long left. This was a warning for things to come.Once seated it took a long time before our server finally took our order. From there two children's drinks were forgotten and then they eventually showed up with no straws (which are needed because the cups have lids). After finishing our drinks we were wondering when our salad, bread, and soup would arrive .... Not for over half hour after asking what was going on. Then finally the main course arrives (for the adults) but the kids still have to wait. Also one pasta dish was missing the ordered chicken.Finally, when it came time to pay the credit card machine did not have any paper left and it took 10 minutes for the final copy of the receipt to arrive. BTW - The same tables still remained uncleared with dirty dishes on them throughout the whole visit.As noted above, the food was good once it arrived. No complaints there. Though I would suggest to stick to take out until this place gets its act together.
Unique collection of Korean-inspired pub food. I had the Tuesday special - Bulgogi (BBQ beef with corn). Its quite delicious and reasonable priced!
Top notch service.Super friendly and considerate. Patrick had to come out a second time because our couch looked funky after a cleaning and remedied the issue AND did a little extra work free of charge. If I could give 6 stars I would.
The place was well maintained and just difficult enough to make it fun. We went to the thief room. It had some pretty cool hi tech puzzles. I also like that they keep track of completion times for first timers so that you can compare how well you did to others.
The Bellagio buffet has gone down hill.  The food quality and variety was ok.  The service was slow.  It used to be much better several years ago.  The empoyees looked unhappy, and unethusiastic.  It showed in the way they worked and dealt with customers.  I won't be going back anytime soon.
Simply the best baked goods.It is a must stop when I am in Vegas.I will bring back some pastries for the family.the rasberry beignets-the ultimate form of the jelly donut.the macarons-perfect texture.the chocolate bouchons- moist and chocolatey.the ham and cheese baguettes- perfect balance of ham, cheese.
It was my first time to Vegas.  Five years in LA, it was time.  My roommate and I decided to be fun and spontaneous (rather than our planned-in-advance selves) and just book a room and go.  And we did just that! (this has nothing to do with the hotel, I just wanted to introduce the story) okay, so you've got that we were excited.We booked a room for a really cheap deal, it was like $58 each for one night, which seemed reasonable.  When we got to the hotel on Saturday late afternoon we walked right up to the desk, no line.  Well, at first we wondered through a mall trying to find the casinoo--but that's another story.The front desk woman said that because we were only there for one night they were upgrading us to a suite. "hmm, cool," I thought.We walked down our hallway, door after door after door, and all of a sudden two huge black doors with OUR room number on it appear.  'This can't be right,' I thought.  But instead I jammed that key card in the reader and turned that handle as fast as I could to get inside (in fear they might realize they had made a mistake and the suite wasn't supposed to go to the two goobers oogling over double doors.)  Inside was a living room--a living room!! FOOSBALL TABLE INCLUDED. (if you know me, you'll understand that has awesome written all over it) plus couches, chairs, 3 huuuge tvs!! two bathrooms!! and a view looking out at the bellagio.  oh man, this was just bomb.com (I think I can use that expression cause it's vegas, right??)After screaming and jumping for joy for about a whole 7 minutes, we decided to get ready to go out on the town---actually we really stuck to a few slot machines and roulette tables...but you get the jist. planet hollywood, you rock.  maybe not your restaurants, but your hotels get lots o' gold stars from me!! First vegas experience--success.
First of all, I payed $40 to work out here and only going to be home for 2 weeks while on vacation from the Army. Do not offer any type of military discounts. Will not come back during Christmas break. They have tanning beds but can't seem to find the space for a sauna?! (Have to pay extra on membership for tanning beds or to bring guest to work out with you.)Otherwise, Very nice atmosphere and more than one of the same type of machines so you don't have to wait a turn. Friendly and helpful staff that welcome every patron.
Great atmosphere with a fantastic music set list. Top notch service, compliments to Edgar and others!  Plentiful portions, well seasoned food, tender and delicious steaks.  Silverware and fake candle were not consistent with this high end restaurant. Definitely worth going!
Sad to say, but what I enjoyed the most, excluding our company, was the restaurant's music play list. Food was good, far from great, small plates and high prices. I expect higher prices in LV, but this was ridiculous for what is offered. I see no reason to return.
I read a good review of this restaurant in the New Times and as I love to try something interesting, I had to try it. To my surprise I knew the owner, Esther, from when I worked at Phoenix College and she was a student there. She's always been a hard worker and I can see how much effort she has put into her restaurant venture. The restaurant was very clean and neat, and Esther was a very gracious hostess to all the customers. I had the pepper soup, which comes with a little dish of habanero pepper puree if you want to make it spicy. Watch out! Only use a tiny bit because it's really hot. Then I had a Caribbean meat pie. It was really good--spicy and savory. Then the yassa chicken. The chicken itself was deliciously flavored, and then topped with with olives, onions, and bell pepper sauteed in a mustard sauce, then served with rice. It was very good! I want to come again and try some of the other dishes. I highly recommend this place! Esther is a sweet lady and she takes good care of her customers. I wish her the best of luck with her new restaurant.
Nice to see a coffee place on the west side that is not a Starsucks! I tried the colado coffee since I had never heard of it. It is strained through a cloth. Wow, lots of coffee flavor, without a trace of bitterness! It is quite unlike the aforementioned coffee chain's joe, which is awfully bitter and burnt-tasting. I highly recommend the colado.I got the Nutella/banana/strawberry crepe to go with. It was delicious but a bit over the top with lots of whipped cream and chocolate syrup drizzled all over. Next time I will order it without those toppings; i think Nutella is really rich enough on its own. The crepe itself was lovely.This place appears to be family owned. They were really sweet and concerned that I was pleased with what I ordered. How nice is that? Hard to find around here. And it is nicely decorated inside. Avoid the Starbucks down the street and come here instead.
Best breakfast we have had in Vegas. Service was excellent - Carlos was our server. He catered to everyone (8 of us) and made sure everything was perfect. Kids' breakfasts - lots of food for the price. Our kids enjoyed everything.  The pancakes are pure perfection.  Taste is a cross between a pancake batter and cake. Warm syrup to top them with. Adults had a make your own omelette- ham, bell pepper, onion with Bite hash browns (delicious); chocolate chip pancakes; Addiction was their version of eggs Benedict with a great tasting hollandaise sauce. The bacon and sausage had a great flavor. This place is worth the drive from downtown.  We will definitely be back.
If I could choose a negative star I would as it was a very negative experience being seen by Dr. Fox and his office staff. I was treated very poorly by both the doctor and office manager. When I attempted to solve my initial complaint of not feeling I was given the proper medical care I was undermined by the office manager. She was extremely condescending and just rude. I informed the office manager I would dispute my 60.00 co-pay as I felt I did not receive services and she told me to leave and not come back. I tried to get it resolved before I disputed the charge as I am more than willing to pay for services, I just did not feel I received them. Very unprofessional. I highly suggest to go see Dr. Carter or Dr. Tarlow, they are wonderful and I actually went back to see Dr Carter after this experience even though I had to self pay due to him not accepting my insurance at this time. I am just shocked that doctors can be so unprofessional, non-empathetic when we trust them with our care.
40 minutes after my apointment time and I am still in the waiting room. Unreal and when I asked how long the front desk is "I have no way of knowing"
Horrible experience for my daughter. She is 38 weeks pregnant and not feeling well so she went in and they did a vaginal check and my daughter informed the doctor she was hurting her, the doctor said, "oh sorry, I forgot to take my rings off" The doctor took her ring off and placed the same glove back on her hand and did another check. It was a dirty environment and I am shocked that hospital is still open.
I am beyond upset with this location, my daughter went in with my 2 year old grandson and ordered herself a sandwich and my grandson a ice cream cone. For some reason her card strip would not read and they would not manually input her card number stating that in the past it would not charge the card and the company loosed out on money. My grandson just pointed to the staff and said ice cream. They would not even give him a tiny sample cone just to make him happy. I am not expecting anything free but not to run her card manually or even give him a sample cone is beyond my comprehension. I called and the shift leader stated, I am sorry I couldn't give him a cone as that would be theft and I would loose my job. Corporate should have enough faith in their management team to be able to make a exception in these kind of cases. I was not asking for a huge banana split by any means, but come on now, a sample cone for a 2 year old. I am going to crawl up the corporate chain as this is so wrong for such a HUGE company to make this policy of not handing out a sample baby cone if this type of situation happens.
I absolutely love Alex! I have been working with him for almost 2 years. I can not say enough amazing things about him and his work practice. He goes above and beyond! He has helped me in so many areas from exercise after my gastric sleeve to my aging aliments that just need special attention with extra stretching and special movements. I was skeptical at first on having a complete stranger in my house but after the 1st visit I was sold. He isn't just a great trainer he is a down to earth friendly person who makes you very comfortable.He is very knowledgeable in sooooo many areas, I feel I am getting the best care with each workout/therapy secession.I highly recommend Alex for any of your training needs!
This location has been horrible, the other locations have been great. Since this location is near my house, I still for some reason due take out a couple times a year. MY MISTAKE, I ordered tonight and I always inform the CSR to place notes on my order to please make everything fresh as It is not always fresh from the past. Well, I picked my order up and sure as can be the spring rolls and crab puffs were cold, I informed the manager and he said hold on a minutes and took the two items back. He came out and said, "here they are fresh straight from the oil" Well, I got home and I was shocked the store manager would take the original items and toss them back in the oil and not even have the professional solution by making the complete order over, how do I know, both the items were burnt. Very obvious they were reheated in oil. I took pictures, but do not see a place on yelp to upload.This is not cheap drive-through, and as a store manager he should of made it right, I am ashamed that customer service is coming to this.
Dr. Carter is TOP of the line, I had to self pay this year as the office no longer excepts my insurance, but hands down I would rather self pay then see anyone else. Dr. Carter is not the typical doctor, he takes time to really listen to you and educates you on your needed care. I trust doctor Carter 100% with all my orthopedic care from a exam to surgical procedures. I highly recommend Dr Carter!!
Love Dr. Tarlow, I just wish he accepted Health Net. :( I have had to find a new doctor due to this. He is great and it saddens me I can no longer see him for my orthopedic needs.
I went through the drive up window and asked for a side of regular chips with my order, she said it is a extra charge, I knew there was and was fine with that. I get home and it looks like they took old chips and threw them back in the fryer and actually boxed them up extremely burnt, I don't mind dark chips but they were burnt. They also melted the plastic box they put them in. so now they are really not edible. I just don't understand why customer service is so poor. It would of taken 10 seconds to place them in a safe container and to give me fresh chips I could actually eat. A response back would be nice.
Worst company ever, run very fast away. We rented a large RV for a 4 day camping trip as my daughter has two very small children and we needed to make sure they had the basic needs while camping, the RV overheated a hour within the drive so we had to drive the rest of the way with no air so it would cool the RV down, didn't have water the entire 4 days, so no cooking, showering, or using the bathroom! the smoke detector fell off while driving, the microwave didn't have a plate so it could not be used, the RV needed to be jumped started on day 2. This is just some of the issues, we took pictures and recorded some as well. We returned the RV and they did not want to comp us for all the issues and said if we didn't sign the contract that we were pleased with the services we would not get the 300.00 deposit back. I am in shock that they treat customers this way. The rep said they would have the mechanic check all the issues and if some are found they would then comp us, hey.. we have the videos and pictures showing what happen. I will wait a few days to see the findings but this is just horrible.
The worst cellphone department ever! I came for a promotion where include a $75 dollar gift card if you add a new phone to your AT&T account. After almost one hour of waiting plus one hour processing (AT&T department had a long call list), a new hard inquiry to my credit history, and with almost the phone in my hand (it's was active) their system can't get thru the last screen in the process. Then they give me two options (no solutions and with a crappy attitude) get my phone with a paper application where THEY CAN'T GIVE the gift card (SCAM?) or to cancel the order and return tomorrow. What???  The funny is the history doesn't end.I return next day after schedule an appointment. (I canceled the order, of course) I came 15 min earlier and wait to be attended 15 min more than the schedule time. When the representative try to add the new line the system don't let him because they new canceled line was still on the system and I need to wait 48 hours to delete their mess! They kindly explain me I need to return other day. I get really upset for this lack of respect. I request to call AT&T to fix this today. After 30 min of waiting a AT&T phone representative the start to fix it but they couldn't. I miss the promotion because was only a two day promo but their faults and sorry and a credit hard inquiry it's all that I got!
The food taste is fine but the service is horrible. The waiters tools forever between order and order. I get the endless shrimp and took fifteen minutes to refill my plate. I order a beer. Took almost ten minutes to bring it. Never more!
It's hard to fine Cuban food in Vegas with authenticity. Definitely this is the right spot. Roasted Pork and Cuban Tamales has the real taste. Simply love it! Only thing they need to improve is supply. This is not Cuba! You can't running a business with shortage. If you ask for something in the menu should be there
If you want enjoy a hand made tossed pizza this is the place. I'm a fan of pizzas and this one are so great. One of my favorites!!
This place is a complete waste of your time. After almost two years of my first purchase, I came for a change after I realize a manufacturer defect on the 2015 Grand Cherokee (who cause the death of the actor Anton Yelchin) and I get a "pre-approved" offer on my mail. Everything look perfect until I came to the dealer. We drive the new car and once I get my offer, my old car valuation was ridiculous (car value went down 6K on the market for their fault!). But anyways. After 10 hours! I agree to the purchase paying from my pocket 2K because now the loan was upside down for the car devaluation (their fault) That's was not all. After a week with the car, I call to know the final numbers. (a manager offers me a "adjustment" on my contract) For my surprise, they notified if I want the new car I need to pay an extra 3.5K to cover the remaining loan deficit!. Simple I returned the car. Last time I try to make a deal with this dealer. I give 1 star because I can give less! Worst dealer in Vegas.
I've had a pretty good service. It's true that is Sunday Morning and there was only one costumer in front of me but the process was pretty fast. They made all the right procedures (I've have spent some time in ER) to diagnose me. I've just give 4 start because by experience the doctor should recommend an X-Ray exam to discard some pulmonary decease after a severe flu infection but generally it's was pretty good.
We called for an estimate and they were unprofessional, and very rude. I recommend finding another plumber with a better reputation.
Outstanding food and one of the best Chinese restaurants. Reasonable prices and good service, this place is a must try. My wife and I ordered from the Sichuan menu which was recommended in reviews from others.
The food was over priced for what we received, and the service was poor to average. We know they were busy that night, but it's not an excuse for the service that night. My wife and I forgot our to-go container, and when we returned 10 minutes later the server had already thrown it in the trash. Overall, a bad experience and we recommend avoiding this place.
The setting is nice and staff is pleasant, but the crepes and coffee are average at best. Ingredients were too simple and not very flavorful. It had the feel of a fast food crepe restaurant with a lack of attention to food quality.The restaurant is also cash only which is inconvenient and likely deters business. You will get far better crepes at restaurants such as Cafe Moulin or Square Cafe.
El Burro is a good addition to the Regent Square neighborhood. The food at El Burro can be good and it's something different.The biggest issue is consistency. The service is always good, but the food is not made consistently the same way. One day it's spicy, and another day it's dry and tasteless. Consistency is the key to success and why I gave them only two stars.
Just recently moved to Las Vegas.  Painted Desert is now my home course.  While its shorter than many golf courses, tight fairways, difficult bunkers and lightning fast greens make it challenging nonetheless.  Painted Desert is a classic "target golf" type course.Course management is at a premium.  If you just like to rare back and whale away for distance, you'll find yourself in trouble more often than not.  Many times a considerably shorter drive will place you in a better position to make the green in regulation.Oh, those greens.  Fast, fast, FAST.  On top of that they undulate in unexpected ways.  On some holes (notably the 7th) an unforgiving pin placement and a "too long" putt will find your ball in the water hazard.  (P.S. Try not to hit the "coot herd" on the 7th in the winter)Overall, playing Painted Desert is an enjoyable outing from check in to the 19th hole, the staff is friendly, accommodating, professional and dedicated to giving you MUCH more bang for your golfing buck.
I just had my Jeep Wrangler X in Prestige for its 30K service.  This service department is BUSY.They did a good job at a fair price.  Just don't expect to get your car in for service on short notice.  They are so busy they generally have to schedule two to three weeks out.Once my bill was paid, it took the shag boys a fairly long time to bring the car up to the delivery drive.  Not as efficient as my former dealer, Barton Jeep in Spokane, WA, but that may be due to the volume of customers.That said, if you need your Jeep, Dodge or Chrysler serviced in NW Las Vegas, this is the place to go.
The Station Casino system has several properties in Las Vegas.  While I've only visited three or four, Santa Fe is by far my favorite.  I spend very little time with the slots or the table games, so I can't honestly provide an adequate review.However, as a poker player,  the Santa Fe poker room is by far the best one I've been in.  It compares favorably with the some of the best rooms on the Strip and is actually head and shoulders above some (the Flamingo and Bally's come immediately to mind).The room is clean, well lit and comfortably appointed.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The Station Casino system has some of the best bonus promotions for poker in the city.Santa Fe Station Casino's poker room is a bit off the beaten track (I-95 and Rancho Drive), but it is well worth the drive.
Cave Creek was authentic. Not touristy. Out in the desert. Mickey and Billy know their way around and gave us a great tour of the desert plant life and surrounding mountain ranges. Fun for kids and parents alike. Would definitely go back.
I have rented from AOA twice now and they always take good care of me. This time I rented a Specialized Epic for 3 days and had a blast. The bike was in good shape and ready for me when I arrived. The staff had lots of good advice on where to ride and handed me maps to assist. Can't wait to come back.
Loved working with this team at H2O to Go.  Tony and Sid were amazing and very professional. Had the water softener put in this past week and we already feel a difference.  Love having soft water again!
This is a fun place to hang out and grab a quality bite. This place is essentially a megabar with cornhole, ping pong, and TVs everywhere! If you're looking for a solid night out and you're not into the club scene, you should grab your posse and head here.
Delicious Greek food and good service. I had the chicken souvlaki pita with Greek salad and both were very good.  My friend had the gyro wrap and fries and said it was also delicious. I also had the baklava cheesecake and it was definitely an unusual dessert, but extremely delicious. Lastly, you can't go wrong with the check-in deal!
Abuelo's is a gem. I very much enjoyed my food, received great service, and enjoyed a wonderful atmosphere.Food - So I had two enchiladas...chicken with a queso sauce and a spinach and mushroom with a cream sauce. Both were deliciously spicy (because their sauces were on point!). For my sides, I chose the spinach casserole and their mashed potatoes. The sides were a delicious change of pace to the rice and beans that I usually get. My counterpart enjoyed the fajitas and the cervezarita, and the only thing he would have changed would have been more peppers with the fajitas (as it was mostly onion). Service - The service we received was prompt and attentive. Atmosphere - Dim lighting with a cool vibe and jovial feel.
This is THE place for donuts. I think the quality of a donut place lies in how good its standard glazed yeast donut is. Well, I had it. Hope you're sitting down for my description, because it is a haiku:Deliciously dense,fluffy, and a touch chewy,this donut is bomb.Given that my haiku is your yardstick for how good the donut shop, I highly suggest you stop by here if you are in the neighborhood. I also had the red velvet croissant donut and it was sublime! Sweet, flaky, slighty chewy, crispy, and creamy.By now, you should be convinced to go here.
If you're up to spending both your day and spoiling yourself, come here. This is one of my favorite malls in the metro area. There are tons of stores, activities, and restaurants.
I really love this brewery. It is one of my favorite places to spend an evening. I'm going to make a list of why I love this brewery. These things are not in any particular order.1) Food - I have not had a bad dish here. Shoot, I have not had a mediocre dish.2) Ambience - Completely void of pretension, one can truly kick it here. 3) Music - I know this is very individual, but the music they play is what I listen to...exactly. if you enjoy 90s alternative and grunge, you'll be happy.4) Beer (duh) - Hefeweizen, LimeLeaf Cream Ale, Mr. Pineapple...need I say more?
I've never been one to be jonesing for doughnut holes, but these doughnut holes will have me struggling! They are light and fluffy, melt in your mouth, and not overly sweet. What makes them even sweeter is the price....one dozen for 99 cents?! Yep. Nothing more to say.
Quality ingredients. Highly refined pastry skills. Edible luxury. Boom!
If an artist or act comes to town, you can't help the performance location. That's set. But if you happen to see an artist or act that you're interested in and it's happening at Comerica Theater, be in for a treat. There are no bad seats here. Every seat offers a great view. I've seen Alice Cooper's Christmas Pudding, and I've also seen Incubus, and both shows were enjoyed.Look at that theater. That is a nice theater.
I like this Ulta. I've never used the salon services, so I can't provide any feedback on that. However, the customer service they provide with the variety of products is very good. They provide great advice on everything from the drugstore brands to the prestige brands. They are also very warm and friendly people. What's not to love?
The maple bacon doughnut was tasty, but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!
I really like coming here for three reasons - the ambience, the service, and the cost.Ambience - Located in downtown Gilbert, this place is completely adorable on the outside and has a spa-like feel on the inside. Perfect environment for hair removal.Service - From the service at the front desk to the service completed by the estheticians, I'm happy when I leave. They are always friendly and professional, and they are on top of things. Most importantly, my eyebrows are on point when I leave.Cost - They provide 10% off when you reschedule at the end of your visit and also offer sales on pre-paid deals. I also appreciate how they are locally owned. I'm not knocking chains, I'm just staying local in regards to this facet of services. :)
I was exposed to this place with the Yelp Ugly Sweater Christmas Event and I'm sooooooo glad it was placed here! BEST. WAFFLE. EVER. I'm going to give you a string of adjectives describing the waffle.thick - dense - chewy - sweet - crispy - butteryYou won't find a fresh waffle like this anywhere else...particularly a waffle that you can turn around and place mounds of froyo on....Go here. I wish there was one on all the corners.
One of my preferred Ross stores. It's always neat, well-organized, and they have tons of high end names at this location.
This place is pretty decent. It's easy to access and quick. The automated wash equipment does a good job at superficial spots and messes. If you live/work in this area, this place is convenient! You get a lot of bang for your buck, especially if you purchase the monthly pass. I have it and for $16.95, you get unlimited washes of the $6.95 wash. This is well worth it!
The raw chocolate banana cake was fantastic! I had the burger of the day, which was sweet potato, and it was very flavorful. As an omnivore (non-vegan?), I was very satisfied with this place. It was a bit pricey for my tastes, but I realize those food costs are high to begin with. I would recommend it!
This is a very unique place to grab lunch or dinner. The pasties are completely delicious  and reasonably priced. The atmosphere is also pretty cool - they play great music! If you have people visit from out of town, I highly recommend you bring them here. This is one of my favorite places in the valley.
I hate to sound negative, but I'm always wary of auto service shops as a female. I've been to other shops around the valley where they have tried getting more money out of a stop, or where they haven't complied with my requests. This place is not like that.  I received great service, in a timely manner (finished under an hour - on a SATURDAY). They did not try adding services, telling me something was not like it is, or not following through with my requests. Lastly, their prices are fair. I recommend this shop to anyone!
I would have given this place four stars, but the employee serving me was inconvenienced by my business. The bagel was delicious, although the cream cheese was could have been thicker in texture. I ordered the asiago bagel with Nova Lox spread.The iced coffee is surprisingly good. I usually don't think places will have great iced coffee if the main focus is elsewhere (like bagels). Give this place a shot!
LOVE the atmosphere. More coffee shops need to have this atmosphere. As for the coffee, I feel it is ok. I prefer a stronger brew and feel they can refine the end product of their drinks. I've had a blueberry muffin from here twice, and I though they were decent. Nothing to "wow" me, but better than I've had elsewhere. Keep going, Talebu...I enjoy having you in my neighborhood!
I'm a cold-brewed coffee fan. This is where myself and other cold-brewed coffee fans can find unity. The first time I came here, I had the nitro cold brew. What they do is they take their delicious cold brew, and nitrogenate it (think Guinness). This yields a creamy head where a cream-loving person like myself does not need to add it to enhance drinkability.The last time I came here, I had the regular cold brew. This was probably the best cold brew I've ever had. FYI, it's pronounce Pay-show-toe. Enjoy!
I had the crab dip during happy hour and it was decent. The happy hour price was pretty good, but I actually went for karaoke. There weren't a lot of people at karaoke, so I was kind of bummed. I think they should advertise for the karaoke a little bit more to get more people going!
So, Bergie's produces a really great cup of coffee.I always get the toddy as it both smooth and highly caffeinated. If you're an iced coffee fiend like myself, then that should be the first thing you order. They sell a variety of baked goods if you're looking for a bite to eat with your coffee. They're made locally, so that's always cool to hear. They're also delicious. As for the atmosphere, I wouldn't say it's prime for doing work on a laptop. Bergie's is actually better suited for catching up with friends or tuning out by oneself with its outdoor accommodations. It's really a beautiful place.
Because of this location's area, it's busy a majority of mornings as it is a drive-through/walk-up location. However. If you fancy a morning stroll or you're on your way somewhere and desire a pick-me-up, this is a good place to do so. They always provide prompt, friendly service, and their drinks comply with the already-appreciated Starbucks standards.
I had the goat cheese and roasted garlic pizza and it was phenomenal! The creamy tang of the goat cheese paired well with the whole cloves of roasted garlic and perfect, airy yet substantial, crust. As for dessert, I had the tower of mousse and that was just straight-up ambrosia. Anyways, I enjoyed my experience and I highly recommend it!
I like this airport. They have a good variety of businesses and it's very easy to get around. Another plus is that a slew of airlines fly in and out of here each day. What keeps me coming back is that it's a major airport ;)
About as fabulous as a visit to the dentist can be. Very nice facility, friendly staff, and excellent hygienists. Dr. Poelman is great and very approachable. I highly recommend this office.
With fast food, I only review it based on the service. Everyone knows Taco Bell is delicious and you're lying if you say you don't think that.Glad we cleared that up. This Taco Bell is par for the course in regards to food. However, they shine in regards to customer service. Below is a dialogue of typical fast food businesses in a drive-thru setting:Me: [pulls up to order] Hi!Fast Food Restaurant: Hi, what would you like?And now this Taco Bell:Me: [pulls up to order} Hi!Taco Bell: Hi! How is your day going?This three extra seconds they spend is so freakin' polite, I can't even. If you're craving a Mexican pizza, go to this location where they charm the heck outta ya.
Great coffee and service. While I usually wait in a long line of cars, their coffee is worth the wait. When you get to the pick up window, you're greeted by a wave of intoxicatingly addictive energy from the employees who are suuuuper nice. Come here and get some energy!
I'm going to be a regular at this place...I just know it! Let me begin by taking you back to my foodie childhood...I was 12. I went to a cafe in my hometown that piled sandwiches with mortadella, provolone, sopressata, prosciutto, olive tapenade, and other fine ingredients - ingredients that would send this 12-year-old into a tizzy. I went here frequently, as to appease my early-developed palate. This place I speak of closed when I was 15. Never have I achieved the same sandwich nirvana..........until now, fourteen years later. Could it be? Yes, it was! I had found the same sandwich nirvana! My nirvana included the mortadella, prosciutto, salami, and asiago sandwich. First off, I ordered the full sandwich, not the half. Why? I was hungry (duh). Then I opened my takeout container. I wasn't that hungry. Needless to say, you get a lot of bang for your buck (approximately $9 for two hefty sandwich halves).I also ordered the meatball sandwich with the deli's homemade meatballs. The sauce was well-balanced, the meatballs were tender, not tough, and it was topped on a crusty roll and high-quality cheese.My next Carlo & Emilie's trip will include the cannoli....stay tuned.
I very much enjoyed my evening with friends here. It's a great place where you can find a quality craft brew. They have an excellent variety of craft beers that caters to an array of customers. What I thought was cool about the place is that you can bring your preferred outside food into the establishment. It makes a great environment to hang with friends. Speaking of environment, Wren House has a very relaxed ambience, complete without pretentious vibes. I recommend it!
Can't get anymore delicious than this! Get the buffet. You will find my words wise. You're welcome.
Jimmy & Joe's is a nice, casual place to grab a slice and other stuff for an easy dinner night. Their gigantic slices are made with solid ingredients that leave you satisfied. Not only is the pizza delicious, but it makes for a cheap date night - very affordable ;) In summary, if you want great pizza and you don't want to change out of your sweats, Jimmy & Joe's is a place where you can have your dignity and eat it too.Bravo, Jimmy & Joe's!
I have enjoyed every Bosa location. However, this location has got it going on! They are soooo warm and friendly, their place is super clean, and their doughnuts have an extra something I just can't put my finger on. I had an iced coffee. It was very smooth and caffeinated me sufficiently. I also calorically splurged and got two doughnuts. The first was a chocolate cake doughnut with chocolate icing and peanuts. It was very fresh and had no funky aftertaste (some cake doughnuts have that!!). I also purchased an apple fritter. I think this may have been the best apple fritter I've ever had. The ratio of apples to dough was perfect! Oftentimes, the ratio of apples to dough is too low. Anyways, give this location a shot! You won't be disappointed.
This is my favorite coffee place to hang out and grab some coffee. The staff is cool and very friendly, the coffee is fantastically brewed, and the atmosphere is very laid back and cozy. I appreciate the fact that I can get both coffee and beer, although I've only gone in on the coffee. From what I've seen, they do have a great beer selection though. In regards to the food, they do sell a great breakfast burrito....I'd recommend it. On some Sundays, they also have a local talent performing, and he is great (I'm blanking on his name at the moment...). Now, there is one very small detail that is a slight downside, the amount of parking spaces allocated for Sip is small, so carpool with a friend or you'll have to park around the corner.  Anyways, if you're looking for a cool place to get together with people, head to Sip - you won't be disappointed.
An excellent hot dog with great toppings. The first time I came here, I had the hot dog with BBQ sauce, fried onions, and bacon. So delicious! Most recently, I had the chili Willy, and it was awesome! The chili was not greasy and it was completely tasty! I don't think you can find a better hot dog anywhere else!
Much like other bakeries and cafes of the local variety, this is a great place to grab a good sandwich or other quick bite to eat. My only complaint is I think they're slightly overpriced. In regards to the food, we had the turkey bacon avocado, a cold sandwich, and the turkey artichoke panini, a hot sandwich. Both were pretty good and I would recommend those choices. We also shared a slice of the carrot cake, and it was pretty fantastic. Their carrot cake also consists of zucchini which really adds to the texture of it. A plus to Kneaders is that they have a drive-thru....for those days you can't be bothered to get out of the car :-) And for those days you can't be bothered to leave your home? They deliver. I'd go back to Kneaders.
I'm very happy with this salon. My feet have never looked better! Plus, they play movies while you get worked on...massage chair and movie? Heck yeah! You have won me over Nail EnV!
I've never been to a bad Total Wine, and this one isn't extraordinary, but it's still very nice and clean with friendly employees.
For only being open a few weeks, this store did wonderfully, from the service and cleanliness, to the food. Excellent job!
This is a gym that not only encourages physical betterment, but mental fortitude as well. While the workouts are catered to your individual needs, you gain support from those around you, which helps you make strides in your physical condition. If you'd like to become not only fit, but an athlete, talk to Joe today.
Something can be said for a brewery that is written as best brewery in the nation by Esquire. Let's start with the beer.What is alluring about this place is that they have their usual beers (Refuge IPA and Superstition Mountain Coffee Stout), and then their other beers are almost "limited edition" (can't really think of another way to describe it). What I mean by this is that they will brew a certain beer with the highest quality ingredients, they will cask some, and when it's gone, it's gone. I think this is a very cool thing and it definitely keeps me coming back to see what's new and exciting.On to the food.This place is not afraid to get adventurous with flavors. They combine some of the best flavors - flavors conducive to salivating. And, my top reason to love their food??? Two words. DUCK FAT. Let us end this review on said words.
I enjoy coming here. They have a wide array of food and beverages, it's a great place to get together with friends, and there's so much room for activities!!!!Last time we went here, we had the pork belly nachos. If there had been more pork belly pieces, I would have been happier, but they were pretty decent. I also had one of their cocktails and it was quite tasty. On another occasion, I've had the pretzel rolls and provolone fondue. Best bread and cheese combination ever! Well, maybe not "ever", but completely delicious.While enjoying food and beverages, patrons can play cornhole, ping pong, and watch numerous sporting events on their TVs. All of this makes more an enjoyable time out :)
This place is aptly named. You can get cold beers and cheeseburgers here. However, they should have named it "Phenomenal Beers and Cheeseburgers". So, I greatly enjoyed this place. I had the Cincinnati Dog (I know...I didn't order a cheeseburger at a place with cheeseburger in its name...) but it was really good! It had chili, diced onions, and aged white cheddar (!!!). We shared that, and then we also shared the MMMac and Cheeseburger. Yes, this is a burger with mac & cheese on it. It was equally as sublime as the dog. Also, we had beers that we chose from their selection of 100. Just delightful....delightfully freaking good!
I had the mellow mushroom burger and it was so flavorful! It also came with a ton of food.  The burger and fries were terrific, and if you get anything there, you MUST get it with the icy lemonade. You get one free refill of the icy lemonade and it is fantastic! Well worth the money and its atmosphere reflects the vibe of "two hippies" having a "beach house.'
I went here to partake in a distillery tour. I had a blast! These guys went through the process of making their delicious spirits, and when we were done, we got to sample the spirits. Informative tour and drinks included for $10? Raise the roof.
So in line here and I went to merely ask a simple question to the "let in guy" who happened to be having a PERSONAL conversation with another "let in guy" he made  a totally rude and obnoxious comment to me and turned his back to me as if to say f*** you stupid BITCH... His name is CHRISTIAN!!! Never again!!!! ZERO STaRS
By far some of the best Thai food I have ever had.  Had the prawns and crispy duck panan...just because it was recommended ... well worth it. Expensive but good....I have to say the service was stellar! I would definitely return when in Vegas.
I was visiting from out of town and realized I was looking like teen wolf so I needed a taper, bad!! It was 4:45pm on a Sunday and they close at 5pm. I walk in expecting them to be like "great its THAT guy who comes in when were about to close..." Not at all! I was greeted promptly and got matched up with Racheal. She sure knows her way around some scissors! She cut me up good!! Not only was the cut top notch, she gave me a minty flavored towel to wrap around my face while she used another minty flavored shampoo product to massage my head!! Did I mention the chair was a massage chair? Yeah. This place is legit!!!! Highly recommend
Food is fair, ordered the turkey bacon sub, will order it again. However the delivery person is the reason I am give them 2 stars. First off the drive called to confirm my location he did not identify himself I was told after saying hello..."did you order a sub" drive also made it sound like I was an inconvenience to him. After we decided on a pick up location he went to the wrong spot was rude to our security desk. If you order be cautious of deliver.
Food is outstanding and service is even better. Great place a true treasure. Stop by it's well worth it.
When we first arrived we were seat quickly and received our drinks in a reasonable amount of time.  It took a while to get our food but it took forever to get our bill. We sat a waited and waited. Our waitress was at another table which had a large party and pretty much ignored us. After about 20 minutes I asked another waitress for our bill and she asked us what we had and attempted to figure out what everyone had. I gave my money to the first waitress and she went to the register, got my change and put it in the black bill folder and put it under her arm.  She then went to other tables andbegan taking orders and again ignored us. We didn't get our change until I asked the supervisor to get it for me. Very disappointing evening with frustration on our last evening of our visit to Phoenix. Probably never visit another Tilted Kilt due to the way we were ignored.
Dr. Durnick i think that's how you spell it, she is the pregnant lady. she should be working as a use car sales person instead. She was so pushy about getting me to sign up for a monthly program on my last visit and a couple days ago when I had to take my pet for a fallow up she did it again, I had to tell her at least 4 times that I was not interested. It was so uncomfortable, I almost said yes just so she can stop. She also requested a lot unessary stuff that my pet did not need. I said, not this time thank you but she kept pushing it. I have never experience anything like that with any other vetenerians. It was obvious that she was just trying to sell sell sell. She would do an amazing job working as a cars sales person not caring for anyone's loved pet.
I love this place! been there several times except this last time i went with my family and we were treated very poorly by an employe named KEN. He was extremely rude and unprofessional. He called me DUDE about 7 times. I'm a 40 year old women. He also kept interrupting me when I was asking questions and I one point he looked at me and told me: listen to me, pay attention. I was so upset, nobody has ever talked to me like that. The worst customer service experience I've ever had. I asked to speak to the supervisor and with a smirk on his face, he said that's her, a young lady just standing next to him the whole time. She witness everything. I wish I knew who owns this place, I can't even imagine someone treating my customers that way.
Very disappointed! We set up an appointment to spray and check for rodents in the attic at our new home. They showed up 2 hrs late, when I ask the technician to check the attic his response was, we don't do attics and I can tell for sure that there is nothing up there because of the heat. When I signed the work order it said in big letters CHECK ATTIC FOR RODENTS so my husband fallowed him outside and asked him to please check the attic and he was very bugged. He also said that the spray was natural and safe for kids and pets. And when I asked him if there was a reason why he didn't spray the pantry his response was, we usually don't do pantries because the chemicals can be dangerous. Never using this company ever again.
I have been eating pizza for a fairly long time. I make my own pizza dough and use fresh toppings. So what I am saying is, I know food. You didn't want a review from a pizza hut expert, did you? Anyway, I have had two pizzas from here (same vacation!) and they were both excellent.The Brooklyn Bridge is an awesome pizza. I never thought of putting ricotta on a pizza before. Also almost nobody make a proper caprese salad any more. It was served to me, the proper way. No dried oregano, no balsamic drizzle, just cheese, tomato and fresh basil leaf.If you haven't tried pizza here, don't be discouraged that it is a "chain", you'd just be doing yourself a disservice.
I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the stale cake doughnut I received. The other doughnuts were insanely fluffy and tasty.When I came in, the person seemed to be more obsessed with talking on the phone than dealing with customers. However when I seemed ready, I had no problem getting her attention.
So far, I've had two pairs of pants and two shirts altered and everything is perfect. As mentioned before the gentleman there did work for Danier and Harry Rosen. He was also working on fixing jackets from Bench.Do not bring in box pleated or darted shirts (in the back) as they are not really fixable. My shirts were French seamed properly up into the armpit, like you are supposed to do.Sometimes the clothes are dropped if weren't ready when he said they were going to be. I had told him they were not priority and he had gone above and beyond for a bride and groom with a ridiculous 24hr request.I'd call first before picking up and if there was a rush needed, I would specify on drop off.
Either they use stale beans or the machine is not set up properly. Whatever you do, DO NOT think of ordering an espresso from here, you'll get nothing but a shot of coffee WITH grounds in the bottom of the glass. I will blame the owner for the staff not being able to pull a decent shot.
Do not go here. It is a dump with shoes and clothing thrown everywhere. Families show up with their kids that add to the mayhem running all over the place screaming. People use the access stairs as bleachers blocking your entrance and exit. I'd rather go naked than shop here.
I always skip the sauce to see what the BBQ really tastes like. No smoke on the pulled pork, none on the "brisket". Brisket is in brackets because it looks more like a roast and is not sliced like a brisket. Mac N Cheese was macaroni in cheese sauce with two cheeses on top. It was al dente, not smooth and creamy.It would seem that all the sauces come from the same base with either sugar or hot sauce added. Looks like a small electric southern pride smoker. Guaranteed to not be smoky and the holding oven removes more of the smoke flavour.Best thing in my opinion was the ribs. They didn't put the sauce on the side as requested, so I can't comment on the true taste. No smoke ring and the same generic base sauce with a twist for the ribs. Of course, no smoke ring, just like the "brisket" and the pulled pork.Coleslaw was standard. I give up on anybody making good baked beans. From the other reviews, that was a good decision...
I tried to order a pie like a Malnati. I couldn't get the thick beautiful fresh sauce on the top. Now I am not expecting them to make the pizza the same but if you've had Malanti's the dough is cooked more. Perhaps I would recommend the stuffed pie instead so it might be easier to eat.Not a fan of oregano on the pizza either.The Caesar salad with chicken was actually the star of the show. The pizza was definitely good, but the salad was awesome.The value for what you pay and what you get is actually very good. You won't leave here feeling you wish your plate was delivered with more food.  Very good quantities.
This is a fair hotel at a fair price. I did not partake in any of the amenities. There is ample parking. Hotel rooms  are standard rectangles with the bathroom in the corner.The only major issue I have is with room service. IF the room was serviced at all, some don't service a room daily, there were inconsistencies. The number of towels shrank. One of the days the towels were leftism a stack by the door. The face cloth disappeared. The toilet paper wasn't restocked.If anybody is thinking they didn't have time, I'll disagree. I leave my room spotless with all the garbage in a tied bag. I leave all my personal items in the luggage.Make the beds, swap the towels and mugs and leave is all I ask.I got this level of service in a slightly cheaper hotels.I guess why I would stay here over the cheaper hotel is that the other cheaper hotels are more run down.PS. Any units that face West enjoy morning traffic noise.
Well, since I have been to Weinershnitzel last, the price has gone up. Also the street dogs I bought used to be wrapped in bacon and I thought they were deep fried. They used to have crisp bacon spiraled around the dog, but not anymore. I can't say if the issue was location specific.As far as the pricing goes, pricing everywhere in the vicinity has gone up.Service at this location was top notch.
I haven't been here in nine years.And the food was every bit as good now as it was back then. It is hands down, the best Mexican I have ever had. The cheeses, the sauces, the flavours are awesome. I haven't had anything from there I didn't like. I'd like to share with my girlfriend, but it's so good, I just tell her about mine and finish it all.
Patrons are treated as part of the family as  "Mama" likes to come out from behind the counter to engage people in conversation. Returning customers are greeted as if they have been coming there for years.food is cooked to order and served piping hot, with a smile. I always get the chicken pad Thai and fresh large spring rolls.
Cheap good eats abound. A simple bacon and eggs had six strips of crispy bacon, two large prices of toast three eggs as what looked like around two cups of home fries. Really things were perfect as I was a little more than satisfied borderline full from a $6 breakfast item.Really the only way to get this review to a five was to have better atmosphere. I wouldn't want to pay for a better atmosphere so the score is about the food and service.
Had the pulled pork, brisket, beans and ribs.Pulled pork : No smoke flavour, sauced with a sauce that hides flavour instead of accentuating it. No Bark.Brisket : No smoke flavour, sauced with a sauce that covers the flavour as well, no bark. Odd unfamiliar flavour in the sauce or on the brisket.Beans taste like canned beans with molasses dumped in them and heatedRibs were under-cooked so they never released the bone and then covered in sauce and burnt on a grillNot hating, but I know BBQ. This is not my favourite.
Grew to love this place the more I went. Loved that SOJU juice they have, recommend the peach and yogurt one mixed together! Ozzy at GEN is one of the best waiters ever, truly get service. Always kept up with us and never forgot about us one bit. Keep him around and hire people like him!
We kept hearing about Babycakes from our friends that live out around Summerlin or Lower Utah area LOL and because of the distance we put them off. But, we were around the area running errands and found some time to see what everyone was hooting and hollering about. I'm glad we did.We walked in around 11:30 and it was semi crowded. We got seated quickly and service was quick. Right away someone took our drink order and also brought our daughter a kids menu and crayons (that was very important). My daughter also noticed the decor, especially the 2 huge butterflies on each side of the beautiful flat screen that was on ESPN. I really liked that decor...not the butterflies but the ESPN. They also put up the kids Babycakes menu colorings all around the restaurants. You can also see the cooking area, it is small but they churn out ONO grindz!This was our 1st time but we've heard enough through our friends and  Yelpizzles on what we should try. My wife ordered the Cowboy omelette which was pretty big and ordered their new Rock Road Pancakes. I ordered the Kalua Pig benedict.~RR pancakes. Our kids loved it and what kid wouldn't. The chocolate pancakes were fluffy and loaded with mini marshmallows, choco syrup, slivered almonds, and topped with whipped cream. They also have other pancakes which you can get in full or short stacks. ( we'll try these next time)-Red Velvet-S'Mores-PB & Jelly-Lemon Ricotta-Carrot Cake-Bacon Pancakes-Whole Wheat~Cowboy omelette-  For $9.95 she got good size 4 egg omelette with ham, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheddar cheese. And you can get either toast or get 3 buttermilk pancakes. You can also upgrade the pancakes to any of the above.~Kalua Pig Benedict was really good. I've had this before at other restaurants and they get thumbs down, but Babycakes does it right. The Kalua Pig-shredded pork has a nice smokey flavor and not too salty is served on a toasted English muffin, topped w poached eggs, and a nice hollandaise sauce (they don't slather it on...It was just on the eggs). They also put a bit of sauteed cabbage on the tender Kalua pig which added a nice crunch. You might think to yourself "Why cabbage?" In Hawaii we grew up eating a dish called Kalua Pig and Cabbage, it was an easy and delicious home cooked meal. This a favorite in my book.I saw the person next to me order the Loco Moco and i wanted to reach over and snake a bite from him. But, my wife said don't do it. This will be my next choice.Babycakes is worth the drive and the wait. We've been here once and it won't be our last. But, we do have a message to Babycakes owners....Babycakes please make your way to GVR area...PLEASE!! A Hui Ho
Curried Chicken salad or sandwich is good. Bar-B-Q chicken wrap is also a winner.
Friendly Donut is another favorite donut shop of locals.  A family friend has been raving about them for years and we finally took her advice. And yes, the donuts were good. Its tucked away in the corner of an old strip mall right in-between a shoe repair shop and a chiropractor. Just look for the simple DONUTS signage. You would pass them buy if you looked only at the store fronts. The interior decor was exactly what I would expect from a good donut shop...simple, a few random pictures, a Buddah statue,  bamboo plants, a advertising board for local business, and a few old tables and chairs. Don't ever judge a donut shop by their dirty tables...judge them by how many people are sitting at those tables! In the mornings, Friendly's has their regulars that will walk thru the door and the lady behind the counter already knows what to get them. On any given morning you'll see all the regular old timer HotRod builders  having donuts talking shop. And you get to check out their cool cars out front.Now on to the goods...The donuts were similar to another donut shop, I won't name drop...but it rhymes with Donalds Robots LOL! We always pick up a dozen or two of misc of donuts and just take a bite from each one...but our favorites are the maple bars. Its light and fluffy with a delicious glaze. The chocolate covered bars are also good. I'm not a big bear claw fan, but I loved it. It was a good combo of donut and the right amount of flavorful apple fillin...it was just right.. My wife loves the cinnamon roll, its pretty big fluffy donut with a nice taste of cinnamon and glaze.  My in-laws love the Bavarian cream and so does all the old timers who frequent the place. We just tried their maple covered buttermilk donuts and WOW...I think we found ourselves another favorite. We here the apple fritters are good but we haven't tried them yet.Pick up your donuts in the AM (they are open 7 days a week from 4am-10pm), its fresh and you won't be disappointed. Plus you'll have a better selection. The donuts are also CHEAP...I recently picked up a dozen mixed and a dozen donut holes for under $10.00...not bad. And another tip: CASH ONLY! not to worry their are many ATM/ Banks on Boulder Hwy.Friendly's is right up there with the best of Las Vegas donut shops and it would hang with any of the LA donut shops. Shame on the people who say that Las Vegas has crappy donut shops...here's a tip- you won't find a good donut shop on the LV strip. Look with your mouth not with your eyes.Aloha
Pinball HOF is awesome! I've heard about it this place a few times but never made an effort to visit it. The front of the building was plain and painted white with a parking lot for about 20-30 cars. It was a warehouse with 2 tinted doors at each end of the building & that is exactly how I remember some of the game rooms we frequented while growing up in Hawaii.  As we pushed open the tinted glass door, I expected to catch a whiff of cigar or cigarette smoke, but instead we were greeted with the fresh aroma of popcorn from the popcorn vending machine positioned up front. Its not a plush place and I wouldn't want it any other way.After a few more steps past the popcorn machine you're eyes are in overdrive not being able to focus on a single pinball machine.There were rows and rows of pinball machines (about 6 rows with about 10-15 machines each) you could hear the dinging of bells and that distinct sound of the flippers in action, and of course that beautiful sound, the loud bang or "KNOCK," which means you're awarded for your pinball wizardry or you just got lucky on the match. Its also good that they didn't have music blaring over their system, if there was any I didn't hear it. We didn't play all the pinball machines but our favorites of the day were, Austin Powers (many free games on this one), Terminator, KISS, Indiana Jones, and we really liked the South Park pinball. We also discovered another treasure in this warehouse, we found some of the best video games of all time lined up on the back wall. Space Invaders, Tron, Galaga, Dig Dug, Qbert, Super Mario Bros, and Joust to name a few. My son & nephews had no idea that the 2010 Tron movie is a re-make until i told them. And that answered their question of "Why was the video game graphics so crappy?" HAHAHA! it was a blast to the past for me. We exchanged $25.00 to quarters and we went to town. 2.5 hours later the kids were satisfied and we still had a bunch of quarters left over for the next time.  It was extremely satisfying to hear "That place was AWESOME!" especially from my teenage nephew, as well as from my son & other nephew both under 12. Can you imagine that...I got mad props from kids who are growing up in a time where touch screens & digital graphics are the norm. And just between you and me...for those 2.5 hours it was great to actually be a kid again. Aloha
Mahalos to Island Flavor for coming to the 9th island and sharing what good Local food is all about. Island Flavor does local food right...Thank God!!!If you have a craving for local food this is the go to place in Las Vegas. Its a sit down restaurant but they also have counter service. The place is clean, everyone is always friendly. and the food is ONO!Not many Hawaiian restaurants in the mainland make me feel like i'm back at home but Island Flavors does exactly that every single time. I've tried a lot of their menu but my favorites are:1. Love their Oxtail stew- Its ONO period.2. Any of their Loco Moco's- hard to finish off its a mountain.3. They got good poke...best on Fri/Sat when fish comes in4. Pocho Bean soup...very good, almost like my Aunty's-almost5. Roast Pork...melt in your mouth! 6. and of course their hand wrapped Laulau's- I think its served only on Aloha Friday. Its a good thing they only serve it on Fri or I would have to buy new pants.7. Their mixed plate is like the Zip pac on steroids! So much food...and much better.This place is a winner in my book. They would put a lot of local restaurants in Hawaii to shame. What are you waiting for? Stop Yelping for a minute and drive your okole to Island Flavors. And don't forget to bring your appetite because they pile it on. Trust me, you'll be taking food home unless you are sharing your plate with 2 other people.Aloha to you too!
Monta is definitely one of the better ramen shops in Las Vegas. Its in the same strip mall as Raku on Decatur/ Spring Mtn. Monta reminds us of Japan's ramen shops...its all about order your food, eat your food, and get out, so the next group can eat. It's not a posh restaurant, minimal tables/ seats. The restaurant holds at most 30 people (5 tables of 4 seats and about 10 seats on the counter), so if you go with a large party, just sit wherever you can and when you can or you might be waiting for awhile.The menu is simple. Miso, Tonkatsu, or Shoyu ramen. My favorite is...all of them. Huge stock pots in the back have been boiling bones and veg for hours to create the backbone of their heavenly broth.  I seem to be on a tonkatsu ramen kick lately with its hearty broth... you could add some thickener to the broth and you would have a damn good gravy. They give you a good amount of ramen, a few slices of tender charsiu, bamboo, takenoko, green onions, half boiled egg, and kikurage. Its a solid meal for a cheap price, $7-8 and you can add other extras for a small price.Another favorite is their pork belly bowl. Its cheap and filling...not to mention very tasty. You get the thinly sliced pork served over rice in a small bowl garnished with beni shoga. Its tasty, fatty, and better when you get eat a little beni shoga (red pickled ginger) with it.. We always get a small bowl and share it.Their gyoza is good as is the kim chee fried rice. We need to try more of the items on their menu but we are creatures of habit and sometimes its hard to stray away from the  dishes that Monta is known for.Its easy to over order food at Monta. Because the ramen bowls are big...resist ordering other dishes unless you have a big party and you want to share. Monta is great on a hot day and better on a cold day!! Arooha!!!!!
Love this location. They have a coffee shop in this location, but don't expect Starbucks. I usually compare all libraries to the West Charleston location and I would put this location in the #2 spot. Its clean, they have a good amount of cpu's, a lot of private study spaces, and they also have a genealogy and heritage section. They have an extensive dvd section to rent from, free WIFI, and the best is their self checkout station.  The one part that I do like is in the Nevada books section. The area has big chairs and huge windows that lets in natural light. It doesn't feel like a library in that section, its my favorite section of the library to read in.The library is in close proximity to the Henderson Pavilion, Henderson Multi-generational center, and the Henderson Police Station. Its one of the best libraries in the valley. Very clean, but it does get crowded with teens after the schools let out.  So, try to avoid the library from 3-5. Don't forget to check out their events board. The have quite a bit of free book reviews that my nephews have attended. Aloha and Enjoy.
Thrifty's is all about nostalgia and that's it. No more .99 cent scoops and no more sweet lady behind the counter helping you out. A single scoop is now $1.79 and your sweet lady is now a guy with the personality of wet mop.Let's get down to the real reason we were there- the ice cream.  The kids got rocky road in a sugar cone. It was ok but the weird shape didn't quite stick in the sugar cone & almost ended up on the ground a few times. Word of advice- get your cone w a cup- just in case. They had a lot of different flavors but when you're ice cream scooper person is just staring at you with a "will you just pick a flavor already" look- that was my cue to just order & be done with them. A bit of advice for Thrifty's mgmt- teach your ice cream team, suggestive selling. In fact teach them the simple things like smiling & politeness. It isn't that hard to say, Hey how you doing? What can I do you for? (with a smile). Our family loves ice cream- my son loved the Choco Malt Crunch (i'll admit it was pretty good), but do you think we'll be back? Not with the service we received. All can say is that Thrifty's is ok. Ok as in- I wouldn't go out of my way to get mediocre ice cream from sub par ice cream scooper guys.
We've sat in both the general seating area and also in the private rooms upstairs. The general seating is good, except for the squeaky seats. We've been watching movies here since GVR opened.The private box is great. You sit upstairs above everyone in a private room that can seat a party of 15-20 depending on what room you get. You can either order food from their concession stand, through GVR hotel, or do what we do & just order Fat Burger...they'll deliver it too. They offer the box to VIP's or you can rent them (not sure on price)All in all, it's a win win situation here. They don't play as much children's movies here as the Colonnade does-but it is a casino. It's a clean theater & I recommend it too all my friends...now if they can only fix those squeaky seats!
Amazing tasting of appetizers, cocktails, chicken & red velvet waffles with a twist and a unique carrot cake desert to top it off. Great new DTLV restaurant. Walking distance from the Container Park. A fresh look for Downtown with good lighting and high ceilings. The private loft on the 2nd floor gives it a VIP feel that's perfect for a group or larger party. The bar is comfortable with a wide variety of drinks including a few frozen cocktails - try the frozen mango sangria, spa looking with fresh fruit garnish- refreshing and smooth. Lots of parking near by and tons of foot traffic around.
We used to eat at Egg Works on the weekends when we 1st moved to Las Vegas. We are glad that they finally moved one to our side of the valley.The service here is good and the  staff is always solid when we come in with our big parties. One server that always goes above and beyond is PK. Always friendly and attentive. My wife points out that we never have to ask PK to refill our drinks and that is big...happy wife happy life LOL. They have an egg sign on the table, one side is black and the other is yellow, if you need help you flip it to yellow. We've never used it with PK, which tells you guys- request for the guy. He won't disappoint.We could come here for just coffee and those awesome banana muffins. The wife and kids love it. Its served warm, it's moist, and not too sweet. There are many occasions that we have ordered a bunch of these muffins just for our morning meetings.The Loco Moco is another winner. We don't remember this being on the menu when we 1st ate at Egg Works, but we are glad its on the menu now. Loco Moco is from Hawaii- 1st layer is sticky rice, next a hamburger patty, eggs your way (i suggest over easy), and doused with delicious brown gravy. You could also sub out the meat if you want- you can substitute for spam or sausage. We've ordered the portuguese sausage (a little spicy, not too bad), eggs, & rice.... simple local breakfast. The parental units always get pancakes, eggs, & bacon. They give the thumbs up.The weekends get pretty crowded, so make sure you go early. They have 1st come 1st serve seats at their bar style area where you can also watch news or sports. They have takeout, but breakfast is always better eaten while sitting down.Stop reading and go eat breakfast already. Tick tock tick tock... hurry up
I saw Misty's review and thought, "5 stars...really Misty?" My wife says, "Go check it out. Misty's a girl-she knows." (which is code for women are always right) The shop is right on Charleston Blvd in a little strip mall. The exterior of the shop is nothing fancy. The minute you walk in, you notice a good selection of donuts in a case as well as the iron bars that surround them. The iron bars are probably a necessity 1st and then decoration 2nd. Their shop is located on E. Charleston and N 30th Street...I used to work at a production studio a few blocks down from them. Yes, its a kind of rough-ish area, but don't let that scare you off in search of the best of the best....I've seen worst areas in Hawaii, you know the place-mai tai's, sandy beaches, & palm trees.As for the donuts I picked up a dozen mixed donuts for about $8.50...that's cheap but I have to confess that I was with my daughter and I believe we got the cute girl discount. Good thing she looks like her mother or we might be paying extra LOL!! BTW she walked out with a free chocolate sprinkles donut. We got home and my wife took a bite out of a regular glaze and she looked at the donut, then at the box and says, "Wow these are good, much better then Triendly's and Donald's (the names have been changed to protect their identity)." Those words got my attention double quick, so I took a bite and I have to agree with them. It was good, it was fluffy-ER, the glaze didn't flake off, and even the next day it was still good- even the glaze held up, it didn't melt. We also had chocolate glazed, sugar, maple bars, sprinkles...the usual suspects. They were all good, but it was the fluff of the glazed donuts that did it for us.i'm a donut snob and I have my favorite places...All I can say is, its a good thing that I don't have to bump anyone off my best places list.Aloha means goodbye
Maple Cleaners has been my Dad's favorite for years. We didn't think nothing of it until our usual cleaners Pal Sillips (i changed the name to protect the innocent) ruined my wife's dress and said "it" happens. Awesome customer service Pal Sillips!! So, we went with Maple Cleaners and have been going there for the last 4 years or so.They do a great job and i've also had my suits altered here by Michelle. She is very good at what she does and fast. She's also done work with my wifes and kids clothes and I can say we are satisfied customers. They keep you on file and give you a percentage off...no need to cut coupons. They do same day service, in by 9 out by 5. My suits and shirts come back perfect. If you don't like too much starch this is the place to go, but if you want a stiff shirt, just tell them extra starch.
We spotted the orange DONUT HUT sign while driving on DI...you can't miss it. I'm glad that we do have great Mom & Pop donut shops in Las Vegas with character and DH is the clear cut winner of this category with their pictures that are on their walls. You walk into DH and right away you see their big donut case staring at you, displaying their doughy treats like Tiffany's displaying diamonds. And they do look like diamonds to me! Then I see all these pictures on the walls of soldiers, police officers, parades and they are all taken with the owner in army fatigues holding a machine gun. To all you hoodlums heres a tip- THINK TWICE BEFORE PICKING THIS DONUT SHOP! Apparently, DH is very popular with the LV Metro and war vets. And sure enough while sitting down eating our donuts, who pops in a couple of Las Vegas Finest. They walk in and everyone in there was on a 1st name basis with the policemen. Hopefully I will get to meet the owner to find out what the story is with all the soldier and police pictures. I ordered a bunch of donuts...a dozen to go and couple extra to eat in the store with the kids. The woman behind the counter was really nice and threw in about 3-4 extra donuts. I sat down with a maple glazed donut, my kids had chocolate glaze and a twist glazed donut. I took a bite out of my donut and their was this nice crisp outer layer. The maple was nice and not overpowering and the donut nice and fluffy. I thought "wow this is good!" But I thought it was just that batch, so I took a bite out of the kids donuts and the same crispy layer was in every bite. I would like to say that, I'm not a big chocolate donut eater, but they were frickn good. Nice sweetness to the choco glaze with the fluffy donut was a ONO combo. Even when we got home, my wife said she loved the crisp skin layer. It reminded her of some LA donut shops. Actually, all the donuts we bit into from DH had that nice crunch before you get to the fluffy doughnut. Every bite was euphoric. Yes, it was.The price was standard...cheap! and that's how we like it. It's a great donut in a cool donut shop. If you want to forgo your New Year's resolution to lose weight, let me tell you that Donut Hut is the place to break your promise. Guilty pleasures for sure!!
Crazy Pita at the District. They have a lot of tables inside and outside. Of course if its 100 degrees outside we recommend not sitting or eating on the iron chairs & tables. They have a few TV's in the place and for the most part they have it on ESPN (its a plus in my book).I am not a Greek food connoisseur...but I loved CP's Kefta & steak skewer combo plate. Kefta is spiced ground beef...theirs had a little kick to it, very tasty. The steak was also good and tender...i've had a lot of steak cooked to a point of calling it beef jerky. They serve their plates with couscous with sauteed veggies, hummus with bread, and a Feta salad. All this for  $11.95...I thought it was worth it because of the flavors and I always have extra to bring home to munch on later. They also have freshly brewed Shangri La Iced Tea....which I think is one of the best tasting iced teas out there. My wife likes their chicken skewer plate. I had a bite and its very tasty and cooked just right. A friend had the steak pita and its her favorite and always gets it.We have always had good service and the owner/ store mgr. always comes around and chats up everyone. Its not a fast food joint so don't think you'll get your order right away. The grilled food takes some time but its a reasonable wait. It gets crowded during lunch time, so make sure you have some time to spare.
Its a clean Target and its close to home (not sure if thats a good thing). They have it all...groceries, pizza hut, pharmacy, Starbucks, & photo dept (on-line orders too).They have a big parking lot and a bunch of new stores in the same area that will be opening up soon. Its a NICE TARGET...nuff said.
I like the District. They have decent eateries; Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, King's Fish House, Rachel's Kitchen, Elephant Bar, Al's Garage, Settebello Pizzeria, The Coffee Bean, PF Chang's, Balboa Pizza, Ben & Jerry's, Panera, The Cheesecake Factory and they also have a Whole Foods. These are all pretty good restaurants with a wide range of cuisines to choose from.The retail stores are another story. My wife loves Williams Sonoma, West Elm The Loft, Hallmark Cards, Anthropologies, and a couple boutique stores. I like REI and that's about it. We take our kids to MyGym which is great for them especially when its a balmy 100+ degrees in the summer. They do need to work on getting quality retail stores in this area. The District offers so much for the GVR/Henderson community. They hold mini concerts at their stage on the weekends (Music on Main street), have car shows, Art walks, they have Outdoor Picture show-movie night on Fri & Sat., Its a dog friendly area, in the summer they have misters and the winter heat lamps.They should think about a sneaker boutique, maybe a Urban Outfitter, and other dessert shops. It would definitely improve their reputation.
Have called Jeff on several jobs and he can work some amazing miracles.  Not only did he do a great job but saved me a ton of money on not having paint or replace and part.  I found out later that Jeff also contracts out his work to to high end dealerships and other collision shop.  Great guy to work with,
Millie & J are the best. Professional & reliable. Very honest & kind people. Their work is exceptional & my house is always beautifully clean after their visit. I would recommend them to anyone and have.
Happened to be here during restaurant week - they had a set menu option - the food was fabulous - only one Pinot noir option by the glass but it was excellent. All around one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Also, the Four Seasons is an oasis of sanity in the world of Vegas - very relaxing meal and great service. Thinking about eating here every night ...
came into see Dr. Weingrow and his office staff is amazing, super friendly girls and they are all welcoming and kind. I saw Dr weingrow for a second opinion and even though it is busy and I had to wait its worth it, he has excellent bed side manner and i felt like i was #1 priority while I was in the room. I will keep him as my primary care Dr. and the staff is so kind I left feeling like i really mattered.
They were our official photographer for our wedding on 8/20/11 in Vegas. Our photographer Pungkas shot our wedding and we were more than impressed with his work and results. Very professional, on-time, easy to talk to, and he knew exactly what we wanted and took us to old Las Vegas for our location shoot after the ceremony. We didn't stress at all with our pictures knowing they were in good hands. The videographer we had hired, Big 7 Productions, turned out to be affiliated with Vegas Pro as well so we were very fortunate to have the same team shoot our special day. You won't regret Vegas Pro! Their team is very talented. You'll agree once you check out their site.
Always enjoy this hotel when we stay here. Huge rooms and close to the strip. Just play a little and you get comped rooms next time you come. We got married in Vegas in August 2011 and our wedding party stayed here and had no complaints.
A good variety of shops and places to eat unlike some of the strip hotels. I like that theres a jamba and an oakley. Cant go wrong.
They were our limo service for our wedding on 8/20/11. Our driver Rafik, was on-time and very very friendly. He was very laid back. The mammoth limo was ice cold and he had stocked ice cold water for our wedding party. They were priced very reasonable compared to other companies. Not to mention, the Mammoth Limo held about 28-30 people, which was perfect for our group.If your looking for a limo service for your wedding, night out, or a tour....I totally recommend Five Star Limo!!
We had a small intimate wedding in Vegas on 8/20/11 and decided to have our reception at Pampas. We had planned this about 6 months in advance with their event coordinator, Jasmine. She was very helpful. The day of the reception, everything went smooth and we were very impressed. The decorations were done well, and our wedding cake was made in-house and it was a 3-tier cake and was huge. We were very impressed with the cake. We had eaten here previously so we already knew how the food was, but our guests praised them. We had about 60 people. All in all our reception was done well and I would not hesitate to eat here again or use them for a family gathering/event.
I've been to better. The best part are the crab legs. Other than that, its like any other buffet. A little pricey to be like any other buffet. For the price, go to wicked spoons at cosmo.
Me and my wife wanted to see what all the hype was about so we went at 5pm on a Sunday. It actually doesn't open for dinner until 5pm daily and there was no line and was not busy at all, however not sure how Friday and Saturdays are.Food was excellent and presentation was very unique. Most of dishes are served in mini dishes to proportion them out which is a unique idea. There was wine at the table ($20 extra if you want) and a bottle of water that is filtered on site. So when you want more water, pour yourself. The only buffet that I've been to that served bone marrow....but it was good...lol. It was just an overall excellent experience. I will have to say this is by far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, with the Wynn and M Resort buffets sitting at second. Although at $35/person ( a little pricey), I believe Friday and Saturday is a little more, you need to at least experience this once and you may not even think about the price afterwards.
My Cox service was setup a few days ago. The DVR option is pretty cool and the internet speeds seem to work perfectly when watching Netflix. Overall the store was very clean and the representative was very helpful.
Love this place. I don't understand how McDonald's is still in business with so many other fantastic fast-food joints like this open. (Fine, fine. I do understand how, but it just isn't right!) One banh mi is really probably enough food, but you definitely need to try the bao (steamed buns with several different filling options). I've never been disappointed with any of the banh mi, and the same goes for the bao except for maybe the tofu. The service is really fast, but this is actually problematic (assuming you want to eat on site), because there is rarely a table free at this Queen St. location. Part of the reason is that people will save tables while their friends order, creating a bottleneck for other customers whose food is already out. I'm for a no table saving policy here, given how few tables there are and how small the dining space is. (Dining is a bit of a stretch, given it's cafeteria/fast-food style, but you catch my drift.) One guy actually refused to give his seats up, even though his friends were pretty far back in line. Not cool! So I guess that would be the only deterrent to going here. Otherwise, I'd suggest getting your order to go.That said, I'd still opt for the Queen St. location over the other Banh Mi location over on Yonge St., just above Dundas, because the employees at the Queen St. location are so much friendlier.
I'm going to try to express how much I loved this place. (I guess this shouldn't be a surprise, given my love affair with the Communist's Daughter. The two share the same owners.)ATMOSPHEREFirst of all, if you're looking for an awesome patio to host a big group AND that serves decent food (i.e. NOT standard pub grub), this is the place. It even has a woodburning fireplace that they'll fire up in the evenings, which is really nice when the weather is still crisp in the spring or beginning to cool down in the fall. Inside, there's exposed brick and quaint little wooden tables and chairs. On one of the exposed brick walls is a faded sign reading THREE SPEED. Not sure if this is a remnant of the venue's past days as a bike shop, but I like to think so. There are fairy lights that tastefully line the back of the bar, and in the evening candles flicker on the tables creating an intimate, and potentially romantic (depending on the company you're keeping), vibe. If I were looking for a great date spot, this would be great for a third or fourth date (or for date night for established couples). There tend to be several couples in the evening doing just that, but this place also caters to the after-work crowd - think more academic, non-profit, or yupster types rather than suits.There's also live music on Mondays and Tuesdays, and a DJ spins oldies on Wednesdays.FOODThe food is delicious. And the menu's conducive to groups who want to order family style, with a few sharing platters. I know there's a party platter that included Portuguese sausage, gouda, and olives among other things. That was a hit once with a group of us just wanting some snacks to share. But the menu changes, so maybe call ahead to check what's available the evening you want to go. I also love the samosas here, and all the mussels are delicious, but I prefer the lime and coriander variety. Guys tend to love the portabello reuben.Also, in keeping with its name, the menu is split into three 'speeds' (or categories) of high, medium, and low, depending on both price and portion size, so all budgets can work here. Another nice touch is tax is included in the prices quoted on their menu.DRINKSThere's a good selection of both beer and wine, and there are always specials found under the menu entitled 'Drinkies' by the bar. NEGS?The only slight drag perhaps is it's a bit removed from popular nightlife districts, but the cab ride from Bloor and Lansdowne is really not long to Ossington or any of the Dundas, Queen, or King strips. (So totally affordable.) Or if you're out on a summer's eve, it could be a nice walk or bike ride to any of those areas later. (OR - just imagine!- you COULD consider staying at Three Speed all night...)BOTTOM LINEAt any rate, I love this place and hope to find somewhere similar now that I've left the fair city of Toronto. Just go here. And once you realize you want to thank me, hit me up on yelp and I'll send you my mailing address where you can send me a  handwritten Thank You note with a polaroid of you and your date or group basking in the delightful enclave that is Three Speed. Or you could write them an outstanding Yelp review. Take your pick.
Long wait? You betcha. Hipster vibe? Come on - you know that goes hand in hand with long waits. Bourbon induced hangover? I'd rather not reminisce... But it was so worth it.The Wait Sure, we must have waited about an hour and a half for a table, but that's true of many trendy joints in Toronto. At any rate, there are plenty of places (and patios in the summer) to grab a drink  while you wait. Though you'll probably have time for two or three... For patios, try: Mezzrow's, Cadillac Lounge, Not My Dog, or The Rhino. In the winter, nowhere is cozier than Salvador Darling.The DrinksI went here with a group of six for a birthday and managed to score a picnic table on the patio. Our group was on the booze wagon, so we continued with EM's signature Beergarita, which is essentially exactly what it sounds like: a margarita on the rocks mixed with beer. Most people found it tasty, though I thought it was too bitter and preferred the Clydesdale - a blend of bourbon, lime, and agave that is just what a cocktail kicking off the summer should be (i.e. refreshing). So on the whole, though the beer selection was limited, EM's drinks menu was a hit with our crowd. The FoodThe website doesn't mention this, but you can get a family style platter to share that's ideal for large groups. Our server recommended one platter for the six of us in addition to a few starters. We customized our platter, though I don't think that's normally an option. (We were only able to because they happened to be out of a few items.) I think it generally comes with fried chicken, ribs, pork belly, hot links, then an assortment of sides (like cole slaw, collard greens, potato salad). I know this sounds like a lot of food - and it is - but it wasn't enough for four young men and two women. We had to order another platter - and DID NOT hear the end of it from the staff. (Seriously - they thought it was HILARIOUS. And it made us question whether we were over-eating, but I assure you that wasn't the case.)Stand-out items were the Pork Belly (though you don't want to eat a lot of it, given how rich it is), the Ribs were yummy (and I thought the rib to sauce ratio was spot on unlike some other reviewers, but maybe the chefs have adjusted their dosage), and the Banana Cream Pie is really something else. Even though you probably won't want to consider dessert after all that meat, but really: get one of these to share. It's unmissable.The VibeFinally, I have a feeling whether you dine inside or outside has a huge impact on your experience. Try to get a table outside. I think the best strategy to achieve this is to go with a group of 4-6 people. Their picnic tables accommodate those numbers nicely, and it seems like smaller parties tend to get seated indoors. And the indoor tables have the misfortune of being situated within range of the blaring music system that would understandably sour the experience for most. So, I'm not sure I would venture here in the winter.But otherwise, I dig this place. The decor is fitting - you feel like you've stumbled upon a road-side joint in the Louisiana bayou and the only thing missing is some old-timer playing the blues. Sure, there are hipsters. But: a) what have they ever done to you? and b) the crowd is much more of a mixed bag than what other reviewers might make it out to be. It's a really popular place, so the crowd is actually pretty eclectic, because come on! Drinking bourbon and eating bbq at a picnic table has mass appeal. I don't know when it became uncool to show enthusiasm for trends, but I have no problem climbing aboard the bbq bandwagon. So, dearest Electric Mud, I want you to know: I do plan on coming back now, you hear?
Authentic New Orleans fare.  Jambalaya is flavorful. The Mardi Gras Combo is awesome:  shrimp creole, jambalaya, red beans & rice.I have also had the catfish which is crazy good and would like to try one of their po' boys one of these days.
Booked through expedia 2 months prior for my sons ASU graduation.  Upon arriving I was informed the manager left a note that my room was no longer avaliable.  It was 9 p.m. and after flying in from Chicago and sight seeing this was horrible.  Expedia put us up in a Motel 6 across the street.  Less than desirble.  Please pay the extra money and never book here.  Worse experience ever!
The food is ridiculously good. Big burgers. Great fries. Only four stars because the place is lacking in decor and the bathroom was horrendous. You can bring your own alcohol too! I had the bacon jalapeo cheeseburger and cheesesteak fries. Big burger and huge basket of fries. Owner was cool and friendly.
Awesome!  You can tell they really thought about the different burger combinations and dressings.  The sweet potato tots were awesome!  Our server recommended the pineapple aioli with the tots and it was delicious.  I had the Poblano burger.  Great flavors and just the right amount of spiciness!  The restaurant looks like a beach side bar.  the service was great and our server was full of great suggestions and was very polite.  They have options for people that don't eat red meat or need a vegetarian option.   I am definitely going back to try the other burgers!
I came this place twice. Order the same---Chirashi BowlBUT it's A LOT differentThe first time I visit, they give really thick cut and 12 piece of Sashimi on a Chirashi bowlThat's why I came second time. But I feel so disappointed this timeThe second time is really thin cut and don't have 12 piece. I ask them why is big different and they said"oh because it's made by different chef so it's different" WTFI really don't know what I should say.
Huge portions of perfectly prepared omelette and chocolate chip pancakes Yum! The coffee they have is delicious. Super friendly server with a smile. Enjoyed a cute atmosphere. Support a local hometown business!
Cute Decor, classy, clean, I ordered the lasagna it was dry and overbaked. I was surprised they served it to me with  all the edges being black. No bread, no salad. One gingerale One lasagna 25$
What a great place with delicious food and generous portions that are reasonably priced!!  We had the prime rib, sirloin steak , meatloaf and beef stroganoff and all were great! Will come again!
Awesome show.  I was mesmerized with all the costumes, and WOW was this good. The songs were catchy, the dances were fun, and the costumes are so great! The only thing I would say bad about it was not really bad but just a mistake. We were watching and while they were changing the scenes, this BOOMEEEEKBOOOOOOOOM! sound came on for about 2 minutes. I think it was a mic. Anywho, excellent show and if you have the opportunity to go, GO. Oh yes and if you get your photo taken with Scar it'll cost 44 dollars;88 for 2 photos. Go Lion King!
Wow. This place is amazing. I've never had such a great cup of coffee and donut in my life. The whole top two rows are vegan, and they sell out QUICK. It's el yummyo.  My favorite was the maple donut and you should all try it. Next time, when your in the area, stop by Ronalds. After all, you can buy about 60 donut holes and spend about 5 dollars. Go RONALDS! :)
When we walked into this dimly lit parlor, I expected the worst. The beige walls and tiles didn't scream," Welcome!" and the frowning hairdressers followed suit. I wrote my name down on the scraggly notepad, and waited for them to holler my name. When my turn was finally up, I got a head massage that feels like someone digging there talons into your scalp, looking for a prize. The combing of my hair was similar to a person using there teeth to comb out the knots. The hairdressers talked to each other about smoking and respiratory failure, and AARP. The only communication I got from my hairdresser was, "You got some thick hair, babe." They told us to come again and walked away. Word of advice, if it's between a hobo washing your hair with some soap from the dollar store and STYLE 5 washing your hair, go with the hobo.
I loved this little store - and I'm so glad I visited! It doesn't look like much from the outside - but there is sooo much in there. I love that they had both regular souvenirs and hand crafted items by local artists.  There's a nice little bbq joint right next door too.
Excellent steak salad, great service, and generally the quality of food and service we've received at other Tommy Bahama Restaurant locations in Maui, Kona, and LA.
Really not up to Nobu standards. This is the 3rd Nobu I've visited and each time have had a fantastic meal with excellent service. The food on this trip was largely OK (missing something compared to other Nobu meals but I can't put my finger on it) but the experience and staff were terrible. Long story short, after a long standing reservation, we walked into a half empty restaurant and were literally seated at the worst table in the place. After asking to move or find a more comfortable spot at one of the 20+ open tables, we ended up essentially being told no and taking a seat. The waiter didn't help much. We're much more into the cooked side of the Nobu menu (they have a lot of non-sashimi and sushi options) and have always found a helpful waiter who guides us the right direction. This waiter had no time or desire to do so.All and all, certainly not returning to this Nobu nor would I recommend this Nobu as a true Nobu experience. Long story longer, this Nobu also offers room service to the Caesar's hotel. Nobu should focus on quality and not over extending into non-essential business ventures.
Called yesterday and set an appointment for today but did not show up!!! Thats unprofessional! Waste of my time! Definitely will NOT recommend!
Chelsea was awesome! But I felt I was cheated when I paid at the front. I was told the total and i didnt mind paying it because of Chelsea's great job, I showed Doug my 1st time client yelp coupon of 15% off service and the total in my receipt did not even reflect the discount at all except the words *1st time yelp client*. I know how to do math,  I dont mind paying the price but what I am disappointed of is the principle. Nobody likes to be deceived.
Great food! Best kimchi among all in the foodcourt!!! We always eat here! I recommend them!!! :-)
Beware: aria's published marketing deals are a fraud. When presented to the front desk, they were the most uncooperative customer service people I've ever dealt with. You have a list of dozens of hotels on the strip to stay, put this one last!
Yes , it is popular bcos there's not many options late night to be honest. Especially with all the pubs and party places in St Cathy's and Rue Crescent, the place gets decent business. The food is okay. You get what you paid for. Tastes fine. They definitely don't go out of the way to improve your dining experience. Honestly I don't think they really care much about the dining experience cos the tables are pretty dirty but u can takeaway and then ur fine. I had the shish taouk  good quantity.
Absolutely amazing. I highly recommend anyone trying this place they are delicious! Their staff is friendly and their atmosphere is very inviting
I rented a Passat wagon from Thrifty Car Rental for use during a medical conference.  On my way to the Phoenix Mayo conference, the temperature outdoors was 88 degrees, but the fan on the car would not work to blow outside air or AC.  My wife offered to drive the car back to the rental site, but Thrifty refused to allow this because I had rented it; in fact, in the beginning, they even wouldn't discuss the car with her, saying I had to leave my conference to talk to them.  The site was one hour from the medical conference, and they were not open outside of the hours of the conference.  Thrifty said the car was usable, so they were unable to be of any assistance.  Thrifty's rates might be a little less sometimes, but the inconvenience and lack of customer service makes their rates costly.  We rent cars frequently.  Enterprise has had the best customer service and comparable rates.  Thrifty will never get my business again;
I called this restaurant today to place an order, their effin representative hung up on me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
May 2016, my life changed forever. I was proposed to by my best friend in Newport Beach, California. For every bride, you experience all different emotions, after the proposal. All you can think about is picking a date, finding a venue and wondering where you're going to find the perfect wedding dress. Grace Style and Bridal is the place that won't let you down. The experience that I had there was undeniably the best one. From the moment walking into the store, you already feel like a bride. The dresses are absolutely stunning, beautiful and classy. The choices you have will make you feel like you can't decide because they are all so beautiful. But most importantly, I can't express enough how amazing the staff was. From my consultant Monica, making me feel beautiful in every dress to Hayley, the owner always reassuring you how beautiful you look in the gown. Hayley totally made me feel welcomed, listened to all my concerns, helped me with phenomenal ideas and definitely made my dream wedding dress come true. Grace Style and Bridal went above and beyond to meet my expectations and I couldn't be more happy and proud to have purchased my dress from them. If I could rate Grace Style and Bridal a 10, I would give it a 20. With any advise I can give being a bride, I highly recommend and encourage purchasing your dress from Grace Style and Bridal.
Jason is a lying sack of sh** . I brought my gun in for some cleaning when I returned to pick it up he gave me a gun that didn't even belong to me. After I sat there for an hour arguing and telling me that I'm a liar his employee told him which gun I brought in . When he gave me my gun back it was damaged scratched and he coved up the scratches with a sharpie and then had the audacity to charge me 40 dollars more than I was quoted . Avoid this place at all costs.
We have been going to Mr.Sushi for well over 10 years.  LOVE IT!  There sushi chef's and staff are awesome! We tried other sushi restaurants and always come back here!  and Happy Hour is awesome!
I can say I will NEVER Eat here again! We ordered the All you can eat & sadly we did not like some of the sushi we ordered so we told the girl to take the plates and she came back and told us to eat it or they were going to charge us for 2 rolls! And the last time I ate at a all you can eat they don't tell you to eat something you don't want!  & when we got up to pay the bill it came up to $75.00 for 2 people!  Never Again.......
Yesterday morning we pretty much experienced what the average reviewer says about this place:- Good for kids especially if your in the area visiting and need something to do (we had a 3, 5 and 10 year old with us)- The prices are steep and don't equal the value for a small mall aquarium. (They did have a discount deal for tickets purchased online for about $11 each)- That being said for a small mall aquarium it was nice: had a good variety of animals to look at, live demo's with animals to touch, and a behind the scenes tour. There was a weird "holding tank" with a video they made you watch before entering into the main exhibit hall. It was confusing and held no one's attention. I'd suggest scraping that experience all together.- We went on the day with the Octonauts themed stations and character visits which was delightful for the little ones.- The play area with snack machines, places to rest/snack, and small indoor jungle gym were a great surprise bonus. The kids really enjoyed that and they could have stayed there for much longer.- Photos taken in the beginning by the staff were fun and reasonably priced. The rest of the gift shop was well stocked and also had good priced items.All in all it's a nice little place to visit when there's no crowd. If they could just offer the $11 price onsite it'd be at least a 4 star experience. There are so many other attractions surrounding it, families could make a day of the entire Concord Mills area but may have budget restrictions that can place including the aquarium out of range.
Took three kids, 3 (boy), 5 (girl), and 10 (boy) years old this morning for the kids jump at 9am and they had a blast!The place was clean, had plenty of friendly staff and the facilities were new and plentiful. No lines, no waiting just open play the entire time. The registration process was also quick which we did there (although I would suggest the doing this online before hand).We chose this place because they had a special jump time from 9am-10am for kids 6 yrs old and under which turned out to be perfect for the little ones. They were able to jump and climb on everything with ease and confidence. They love Ninja Warrior so the fact that there was a Ninja Warrior like course that even they could try was absolutely thrilling.Once the big kids were allowed to come in the place did get more populated but not so much that it became unsafe for the little ones who stayed to play. They also had a small section for just the little kids that stays open which was nice. They also do not allow too many kids to enter the place at once so I would suggest calling ahead or getting there early as I saw some people having to wait to enter. Additionally, there were plenty of areas to rest and sit for parents/guardians.We didn't feel the need to rent any lockers as they had plenty of cubbies and we only had shoes and other non valuables to store. The only thing I would improve on is that they do not allow outside food in the place. They have a few vending machines with drinks and chips but I see no reason why they shouldn't allow people to bring in at least their own water bottles and snacks to be eaten outside of the arena.Overall it was a great experience for all ages!
My husband and I had dinner with my sister, nephew (10 yrs old) and two kids (3 and 5 yrs old)   at Cowfish yesterday. The wait for an inside table was about 20 minutes. During the wait we looked through the menu which was extensive! If you can review it ahead of time online that would be best. Once seated we ordered and received our food quickly. Everything was great EXCEPT the martinis were WEAK especially for $12 drinks! The burgers were amazing and the sushi combos were good too. (If you like gyros try the "Mary Had A Little Lamb" sushi rolls.) The kids menu was also surprisingly well rounded and had plenty for picky eaters.The bathrooms also had weird excerpts of "learn a language" audio playing that were confusing to say it nicely...smh LOL :)Overall it was a good experience we would recommend to anyone visiting Charlotte.
Let's ignore the fact that my wife and two of my daughters were escorted to THE worst table in the restaurant despite it being half full at 8:30PM - and after making a reservation through the concierge at Boulders. Let's also ignore the fact that the clearly inexperienced hostess exhibited 'attitude' when another table was requested. Instead let's focus on the uninspiring food. Since it is it part of the Boulders Resort, expectations were fairly high, and the food was no better than the Mexican restaurant in your local strip mall. Outdoor dining area is quite nice, and the El Pedregal margarita was quite good. Our waiter was attentive and friendly. Overall, not recommended
Really good food.The service was on point I like that they let you choose where to sit down and the mago drink is really good! Food was nice and hot temperature wise nothing was too spicy it was just right would definitely go again soon
KITTY WENT BEYOND THE CALL.      to be fair, this is not the sort of place i would choose,  i was sent here on a business trip. so i won't say much about the hotel itself. however, i was upgraded to a suite, since they mistakenly booked me into a 2 queen room instead of a King bed. an upgrade is always a nice gesture that a customer remembers..... and the room was just fine, but the mattress had reached the end of the road and had a humongus sag in the center, i checked in too late to reach housekeeping, when i called the next morning it sounded like an entire day would pass before a supervisor could investigate and approve a different mattress. I had been up all night and made a desperate call to the front desk (i think) and KITTY said she would do what it took to help me out, and lickety split a supervisor appeared, she immediately got what i was talking about, and within 30 minutes, a brand new (and surprisingly heavenly) mattress and a housekeeper to change the sheets (also delicious - surprisingly so). I got through to KITTY about 8:45am and by 10am I was tucked in to catch up on my Zzzzzzzs. Though i had a sleepless first night, i was very impressed with the way in which the the problem was corrected. though the luxor appears in severe need of freshening, KITTY gets 5 stars. oh, and P.S. who'd a thunk it, but the pyramid suite that i was in was as quiet as a library
Thank you fellow Yelpers for leading us not astray! We drove to Phoenix for the Fiesta Bowl on New Years Eve and after the game had no idea where to go for dinner. Once I saw all the fantastic reviews, I decided to call to see how crazy it would be to 'walk in' for dinner. Turns out, not crazy at all! We walked the 5ish blocks from where we were staying to a cute, converted house. It was cozy, warm and welcoming. We were seated immediately at a table which overlooked a fountain in a small area of grass with lawn chairs. Service was perfect - fast enough to keep your stomach from eating itself, but not too fast that you run out of space on the table. We split an order of the calamari, T&K Salad and the Genova pizza. Everything was absolutely delicious and despite how full we were, we kept eating til it was gone! So if you're in the area, definitely stop by and give this place a try!
Owner, Jason came out to give us a bid on a wood floor for our office.  After accepting the bid, the work was done shortly thereafter and efficiently.  Our office floor looks beautiful!  Thank you Jason!!!
Exhibit Affects has hosted Chamber events with professional staff and a beautiful showroom!  They have display storage as well.  Stop by and see for yourself.
The worst donation experience. Giving to charity should be fun, rewarding and easy. After I got a reservation and confirmation with diabetes clothesline for curb side pick up. I packed 5 bags of items put out sealed and marked for the next day. No one came to pick up. Called customer care 4 times with driver running late response. Day two now- items are cold and wet due to the lack of interest for pick up. Called customer care again. First person put me on hold and eventually hung up on me. Second person said pick up will be today. The day is done now still no pick up.What a lack of respect for ppl providing donation and lack of respect for ppl in need. Don't go with diabetes association unless you want to waste your time and effort.Chris
We stumbled upon this place on a recent trip to Pittsburgh.  Had to go back twice, my boyfriend was in love with the cigar selection, casual atmosphere. I liked it too.! lots of memorabilia, awesome vintage barber chairs to sit in.. great place to let the world go by for a few hours!
The worst thing about this place is that we didn't get to stay longer.  Beautifully renovated, friendly staff, ample and delicious breakfast.  The owner was friendly and very helpful.  Walking distance to many downtown locations, and the light rail.
I am very grateful that we have Dr. Eunice Lee.  Always easy to get in, Dr. Lee treats our little ones very well and asked not only my questions, theirs too!  Always quick with referrals and any follow up for test. I know my child is in great care.  Been seeing her for 11 years now. The staff in front, they are also very pleasant to work with.  The ladies in front work very hard to ensure things are done smoothly.  I would be devastated if I had to change my child's physician.  Come here. You are welcomed with open arms and quick, fast and friendly service.
Front desk staff was rude ,constant billing issues, and overpriced compared to 4 other dentists  I took the estimate sheet to..
The store itself has a great selection, and the eateries inside are nice.  The employees are another matter, however.  Don't bother trying to redeem a yelp check-in offer, because they refused to do so for us.
I don't know how this is considered a hot spot.  Maybe i just came on a bad day or Ramen isn't my thing.  I ended up paying $13.55 for soup stock and noddles.  There was barely any chicken and it was rubbery, like I couldn't cut it, and a tad pink.  It looked under-cooked.  The egg, GROSS. mushy and tasted like sushi.  Again maybe Ramen isn't my thing.  Second star is going to service.  It was phenomenal.  They were very nice and super quick.  Too bad.
I am ensuring that this business is added to yelp so that I can give them a good review. This is a young and hungry business started by two brothers who go above and beyond and back again to do the job and do it well!  I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone. My story with this business:  I recently moved into a rental house bringing just a dryer with me, as I'd left my rickety washer behind prior to the interstate move. I picked out a used washer online from Apex's site, and one of the brothers went out of his way to bring the washer over to install on his day off so that I would have it ASAP. We hit a couple of snags, though, in that the vent on the wall was not connected, and had been blowing lint into the wall (previous tenant). John stated that I needed to contact the property management company to have it repaired, as it would not be safe for him to install it as it was--a very ethical position, which I really appreciated. When he came back out after the repair was done, it turned out the washer I had chosen wouldn't fit into the very narrow laundry space in the house! John kindly went back to search the inventory at his store and measure  everything, then called with a selection of products they had that would fit my space. I chose to purchase a new washer/dryer set, and he took my old dryer and then gave me a nice discount  for it. Then came the part where they had to fit the washer and dryer set into the small space. It was a very tricky job that required both brothers, and this was the 3rd trip they'd had to make to the house. They got the job done, and remained very kind and friendly and helpful throughout what had to have been an exasperating experience for them.  Being new in town and under the gun with a new job and all the other settling in pressures, I really appreciated their kind and even keeled persistence. They seemed to have good prices on well-repaired products, and they offer a 90-day warranty on their used appliances, which you're not going to get when you buy an appliance on craigslist. Based on my experiences with these gentlemen, I give this business my highest recommendation.
Love that there's a place where I can get a healthy meal that fits my diet and it super quick. Plus, it's right next to my gym so I can pop in right after my workout. More than that, the owner greets me by name when I come in. Wish there was one closer to my house though
Why is this a 3...the coffee is fucking phenomenal..but the customer service is garbage.. I don't like the full length conversations and small talk when I'm waiting in line on my way to work or whatever. I go here because yes, the coffee is amazing but I wish the fake omg, how are you guys doing today!!?!?!? Bullshit would stop. You guys carry on 15 minute convos with people at the front of the line and just make the other customers wait. Most people are going to work or to a meeting etc and don't have time to chat or wait for you to high five each other...It's rude and unprofessional.
I ordered the Tom Kha Thai Hot and let me say, definitely the BEST coconut curry I have ever had. The young girl at the front was so nice. Definitely deserves more than 5 stars.
Thank you Dr. O! On top of having arthritis since I was 25 (38 now), I've had a very stressful job that completely tenses up my spine causing pain through my shoulders, hands, legs, and includes migraines. With ONE visit to Dr. O my neck felt so pain free I wanted to cry happy tears. I immediately signed up for the extremely affordable monthly plan and will be seeing him every week for a while. I hate relying on medicine for pain, this is a natural and unbelievably quick way to obtain long lasting relief from arthritic and stress induced pain.
I've been coming here every 4 months for 3-4 years and love this place! They are kind of far from me, but worth it for 1) the service and 2) the price which is nearly half what Petco/Petsmart charge. They treat my dog with such patience. I've been meaning to write a review for years, but when I picked up my Bichon who's been having problems walking and saw they put her in a special sling to keep her comfortable and were handling with such great care, I had to take a second. My dog hates the car, but when she knows she's going to get groomed she gets excited because she knows she'll be pampered. She's scared of Petco after they clipped her several times and I had to have her in the "cone of shame" for over a month while she healed. So glad they cured her fear of the groomer!
Arturo is amazing! My house turned ten this year and I've had several issues - my sink, my toilet, my garbage disposal - all at separate times. I love that with every problem he's always been able to find the issue the first time! He's very affordable, additionally when my sink stopped working he let me know I could call and get a free one sent via warranty to save money and he'd come back then. Takes the time to show you every step and explain the whole repair. Highly recommend this guy!!
I used to wash my carpets myself, thought they were clean.. until we moved out! When I saw what color the carpet was SUPPOSED to be, I thought there is NO way that anyone can restore this. I was 100% prepared for it to NOT be totally clean but figured at least it would be better than before. Well, this guy was only at my home for 3 hours and cleaned 2300 sq ft and left it LOOKING LIKE NEW!!! Including the stairs! and grout! I would never have thought they could look so clean in such a short time. It would take me about an hour per room and I still did a crummy job. THANK YOU ZEROREZ!! 100% recommend you!! P.S. Like others said, it was a bit more than over the phone quote, but thanks to the reviews I had already planned for it. It was still 100% worth it, even at the higher price. We shopped around for new carpet... It was WAYYY more. Now I don't need new carpet.
Even though it took me a second to figure out how to use their online tool, they were very helpful in explaining it to me. I came here because I had some photos printed at another printer that were blurry and fuzzy and needed a better printer. For the same cost, not only did they produce amazing quality images, but they also color corrected them and fixed the lighting. I was extremely pleased with this as I was scared to edit and ruin the photos myself. AND they are EXTREMELY affordable. They also gave me helpful advice on which paper to use for what I needed. Love them! New favorite printer even if I have to drive a bit to get my photos.
Love this place, love you guys! I've been coming here for two years and it is the best! I love the ideas of the toppings with names and how you can get everything from a fruity healthy version, to a sugary chocolaty mess to satisfy anyone's cravings. I'm lucky you guys are ten miles away or I'd be there every day. Where I come from crepes are a regular breakfast item, only we never thought to stuff them with ice cream. I love to have the crepe that reminds me of my childhood, filled with the awesomeness of ice cream and toppings! You guys always keep this place extra clean and the family games are a cool bonus. My daughter loves it here.
My Buddha and I read about this place and thought to give it a shot. We waiting in line for maybe 15 minutes and sat at the bar. The bartender Mario was great with us! Offering beer tasting until we found the one we wanted. Suggested great burgers and the truffle fries! I had the Hells Kitchen Burger and haven't had a burger from a restaurant taste so delicious! Cooked to perfection at Medium and the avocado brought out a fresh flavor it. The other bartender that was working was rude. A foreign couple came and sat next to us at the bar. They were order drinks and there was a language barrier, but the bartender had no patience! He brought them the wrong drinks then got upset with them because he didn't understand them when myself and Buddy knew exactly what they wanted. Overall I highly suggest you go here! Great food at great price!!
They say they have a few of the fountains, but the trees block most of it. The beer is expensive and you can't get a flight. Service was okay but there was no one in the place while I was there so hard to completely rate them. If you are looking to try beer go to beerhaus
Great place to grab a brew! Food is subpar. Staff was really friendly and was able to have a couple flights! Great spot to get craft brews on the strip!!
Excellent service, glasses were always topped with tap water, waiters offered fresh baked bread constantly. I had a mouth-watering root vegetable cassoulet. Very fresh vegetables -- carrots, potatoes, mushrooms, with generous helpings of cheese. Presentation was very nice in a ceramic (?) bowl. The price is decent. Lovely ambience.
Not fusion. Not affordable. Not creative.I could have done better myself for a fraction of the cost with better ambiance in my hotel room at NY-NY.Mediocre service was the icing on the cake. (no water, no silverware... Until the tortilla line cook noticed we were just sitting there debating whether or not to use the dessert spoons left at our place settings -- not too handy for a meal mostly consisting or romaine lettuce.). I'm not Paris Hilton, but paying $50 for less than 750 calories is ridiculous. Otherwise the food was tasty given that we had no expectations of Jose Andres.
You won't find sushi anywhere in Arizona like Koyoto.  I've been eating sushi for 10+ years and have tried pretty much every where in Az and this place is very affordable,  large portions and incredibly delicious, you won't find any place like it.
Great place, great food, great people that work there, great clientele that goes in there. I've eaten there a couple times and will continue to be a regular
Pho is a terrific place,  great place to party and food is very good and fresh, plus great staff.  It's a perfect blend of tempe and scottsdale crowd. Very Good!
Because of a horrific experience I had with the bartender in whom ordered me the hottest wings known to man, he refused to take them back, especially when I specifically asked for not hot. He got in my face and ordered me to eat them. Ever since that night with scum bag behind the bar I've never stepped foot in there since. This is the kind of place where the saying applies: you get what you pay for.  So far I've not been in that establishment and life couldn't be better
Forget about Mickey's and original pancake house. This is THE best place for Breakfast in Madison. I have the omelette and is excellent. It is fluffy and soft yet everything is intact and not falling apart. The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing. I don't even see a close 2nd in terms of breakfast in Madison.
I had the champagne brunch. The wait is 1.5 hours. They have a great variety of food but no king crab legs (They have it during dinner). The ceviche is pretty good, the omelet is only so-so while both meat at the carving station is good. The spring roll, Shu-mai and sushi rolls are nothing special - as one would expect from a buffet.In conclusion that is a decent buffet, the price is higher than the average buffet but that is compensated by located in WynnLarge variety
Located inside Hilton on capitol, which frighten many diners away as an unspoken rule in US ---- restaurant inside a hotel is usually represents mediore, especially not in a huge city. Capitol chophouse is anything but that. Nice atmosphere, extensive wine list and knowledgable sommelier with perfectly done steak. I think capitol chophouse is the steakhouse to go to in madison if you are hungry for a good piece of beef, but then again, expect $100+ per person with dinner and wine.
My favorite grocery in Madison and THE go to place when I need to cook a good meal. Although it is more expensive than Woodman's but you actually enjoy browsing through the isles in Sentry and that deserve 5 star. They have a strong meat and seafood section without charging as much premium as those standalone butcher or seafood specialty store
When it first opened, Johnny Delmonico's is definitely the best steakhouse in madison. However, I have been there 3 times for the last 2 years and all three of my experience are unmemorable. It is not like their steak is done wrong or the waitstaffs are rude or anything like that, just it lacks the special kick which separate a mediore restaurant with a good one anymore. With that price tag (easily over $100 per person with wine) I have plenty of other choices, even steakhouses in madison for me to choose from.
Muramoto is a paradise if you are a sake lover. Their collection is enormous and I believed the owner claimed Muramoto has the best collection in midwest. If you are a sake lover and haven't been there, what  are you waiting for? and if you don't usually drink sake, you should still try the sake out (especially the ones list under fragrant) and you might change your view about sake forever.For the food Muramoto is Asian fusion in tapas style. Although each plate might be only around $10, most of them are not filling (rolls are the exceptions) and at the end combining your sake bill the check might cost as much as $100 per person.
for lunch, I would give it 5 star. Cafe Continental is my go-to place for a nice, delicious and upscale lunch. Their seabass for lunch is probably the best lunch in madison and not that expensive ($10-15?). Their dinner serve on a very similar menu. The same portion of seabass is serve to you with more side dishes and the price is 50% more expensive than the lunch. With all the choices I get around capitol for dinner, I wouldn't pick cafe continental and I would rate it a 3 so combining lunch and dinner.. 4 stars
Always want to try Sardine after so many people raving about it and finally try it the week before. The sardine appetizer is nice and interesting. The salmon my friend has is slightly overcooked like 95% of the salmon you eat in the States. My veal is nothing to rave about, not bad, but nothing special. To conclude it is not a bad experience but I don't see the reason why everyone is raving about it.Nice time if I visit Sardine again I might opt for sharing a couple appetizer and salads instead of going for the entree. The appetizers and salads seems more attractive than the main course.
I went to L'aterlier de Joel Robuchon two years ago for the first time. That is the meal of my life. Last week I went there again to try the tasting menu. While I am satisfied with the meal, I didn't wow me the same way it did two years ago. Over the 9 course tasting menu, I found that the lobster soup is the best (very creative), the John Dory is nothing special, and scallop is way too salty while everything else is above average. Overall, this is a very good restaurant if it is located elsewhere. But with all the choices in vegas, I probably would like to try something else next time.
Eno Vino probably has the largest "good" liquor selection in town. They have tequila and rum which you could enjoy straight up and sipping it like a scotch. They have an extensive wine list which you don't usually see unless you are in the capitol. Their staff is friendly and great atmosphere. The food is actually on a cheaper side since you can always fill yourself up with their flatbread which is pretty good.
My favourite sushi/ sashimi place in town. They definitely have the best selection of sushi, which regularly serving rare treats like mirugai (giant clam/geoduck) and toro. I won't say their cooked food and sometimes the sushi are really top notch, but considering we are in madison and faraway from any japanese settlement, I consider they do a pretty good job
I went there for the happy hour (4-6pm). Everything is appetizer sized (except for rolls) and they are dirt cheap (equal or less than $5). My companion and I share 3 orders of sake, 7 dishes and 1 roll and the whole meal is less than $50. Great  for a meal, especially you lose your shirt in vegas. :)
Best restaurant in town, if you enjoy good food, good atmosphere and money is no object to you. Nadia's have a relatively large menu compare to other first class restaurant in town(around 10 appetizers and 15 entrees) and all of them are done superbly. Since it has an extensive menu, you can always find something you like depends on your mood. Sometimes I like red meat, sometimes I like seafood and sometimes I feel like having game and Nadia's is definitely the few places in madison that can satisfy my  everchanging appetite.I have tried pretty much all items for the appetizers and they all taste very good. I would personally recommend the roasted chevre and the frog legs. For entree the seafood crepe is a long time champion for Nadia's and if you are in the mood for red meat and poultry, I would recommend the lamb and the duck.
Ours here is smaller than most but the food is always good. Wish they carried limes. Cant understand why they dont..oh and wholewheat or wholegrain wraps
Ok, I like the place, love the staff.  Some good finds price wise. What I did not like it that I was told to download the app for a discount and I did and then showed it to them and never got a discount. I did not relize until I was speaking to my daughter after we left. She said they did the same thing to her and then told her she can use the app discount later on another visit. Hello?
They make a awesome olive loaf but I wish they folded the lives into the bread. They also make wonderful tarts for brunch. The staff is nice and friendly and once we purchased a stale loaf and they exchanged it as soon as we brought it back.
Liked the place but its a little hidden away. Love that you can bring a pet. Loved one of the Belgium beers but they were out by the time I wanted a second glass. Now the Groupon, not good. You don't get a choice of what beer you want to take home. You can only take home a select few and why would  you pay for a value and then want to take home a beer that is not of your choice. So I would likely skip the Groupon next time. We met some nice people at the table with us and enjoyed the visit.
Love strolling through all the artist studios. Love when they have them all open to the public.  Mixed with food truck Friday you cant ask for more.  Would love to see more artists open their studios when they do have this Friday night show going on.
Ok, I am going to reserve this for a review after I get the glasses. But I went in becasue i had a prescription. They had a big special 2 glasses for 169.00 bifocals. So I ought one fame for 124.00 then when it was all send and done it came to over 400.00. How did that happen. Not sure if its a scam or they just get you on the lenses. But every time I looked at the girl my glasses went up 50.00.  I had better like them because frames were less at Lenscrafters when I stopped in there later.Staff was sweet though
ok, i have always likred this store but this girl this girl Alexis is horrible.  She speaks down to customers and if we had not pushed her for info she would have let us walk out of the store. Not the best sales approach I have seen from a stores who looks to sell things.  She was rude and condesending.
Very good food.The poor man seemed to be alone serving the whole restaurant but we still did not have to wait to long. The good was good and we woudl go back. I had the Pad Thai and spring rolls. Very yummy
Great little place, like the owners. I kind of feel bad for them as its a rough find. I looked for this place for months after heating about it. Its tucked behind near the boxing place. Its has outside heated seating and the meals are really good, like an old fashioned family meal place. The soup a great and we shared an baptizer. We will go back for a full dinner as this was just for a quick bite. Everything tasted very fresh. Good selection of bear
Nice airport. When you are picking someone up you can go to the cell phone lot and wait for them to text. I hear they have rocking chairs but have not tried them yet. Parking across for the terminals would be great. Cant wait until they are finished
What a great place to stop for a quick bite to eat chile shopping. the store is amazing as well. Such bargins
Not the best pizza I have had around.It was OK but I have had better. I like all the antiques they have around and it seems like a good local hangout for the college students but other than that I have had better pizza around
A nice family friendly Hardware store and they always seem eager to help you.
This was our second tour. the host was super nice. Wish they had mentioned where we were to meet and not just an address. Thankfully the tour guide did call me as we were outside. Everyone on the tour wee super nice. Love the wine place, the Italian place was a bit disappointing as I was expecting a hot sample and they gave us chocolate. They said because of the wine but you don't eat dark chocolate with Rose. If you tell us you moved to the back so you could have a kitchen to cook and you sell items to cook, show us the sauce.  Mimosas was the best place as we were served on a plate as I think the tours shoudl be. The test of the paces were more of a hand out. Amalie's shoudl have given a variety as the one item cut in threes just did not show how great their items are. The taco place should have give one chicken and one fish as some people had no choice.  The best part was our host and enjoyed the walk around.
The food was not to bad but the place was not very clean and a bit scary. There was a homeless man who came in and refuded to leave and a nice manager gave him money to buy food ,that was the best part of the visit. I kind of felt like a was walking into a family situations as all the customers seemed to know the staff and were walking in and out
Compared to CT, this Taco Bell was super fresh. The tomatoes were really cold but at least it all felt very fresh. Well done Taco Bell
My feelings were mixed. I did find a few nice items but wish the store was a better shopping experience. There just seem to much to riffle through. But they had some nice things.. They tend to have a mix of high end and low end brands
The day was really fun. I do wonder why its not in the fall and they wait until it gets so hot people start to fall like flies. I did not nearly get my monies worth but glad to help a charity. The music was good. I wish they had a few more craft vendors to spread out the beer stands. They did have an amazing amount of breweries   and a good amount of non hoppy beers. I was very thankful when the clouds rolled inYelp had a wonderful idea and I loved the necklaces they let everyone make
A few people suggested we try this place so we popped in for lunch. Everything tasted great. The prices are higher that lets say Thai Thai Cafe but the place is also nicer. The pad Thai noodles seemed a bit strange but the taste was good. Loved the soup and the Basil roll. Would go back for their lunch specials as well. Nice place
Love that I can find a good selection and some great name brands.  I like to stop in just to see what they have from time to time
Liked it. Now we are new to the area so i would like to try a few more before I pick a favorite but the place was clean and friendly. The noodles which is spaghetti they can really do aw3ay with but everything else was good. /the even have a play room so the kids can go and play if they get bored. The table next to ours was done before ours so I was glad we did not sit through the speed table but food wise it was all good
Sams club is great for certain things. I do not like how they dont water their plants and let them die. I do like the large assortment and low priced chicken.  They have a large wine selection as well. Gas prices are really good.
Had lunch to go and it was ok. they made me a tuna-fish in a wrap and it was a decent lunch. They did look to have a decent salad bar and I think I woudl do that if I ever went in again
Wish they had more sales people but the ones we dealt with were super nice and they reduced a ihone case for me that was scratched but the last one left.
Noce place, nice clothes but even the sale items are super expesive. I found no bargins in the sale room
Nice owners and love the idea that you can load your card and taste as many samples as you like. They tasting almost every week and on weekends and they seem to have some great buys. The owner seems like a nice guy who could use some support for the locals . Give it a try
The idea of the place, I love. Never actually got to eat there because it opened at 2PM, arrived at 230 and then they said only meats and cheese and wine  until 5PM. Looks great however so I will try again, maybe for dinner. It a prefect place for lunch, start serving earlier
Not bad. Chicken soup is really good and just a nice dinner feel. Service is nice as well
The place to go for office supplies. Very handy store if you need school supplies and or office items
Looking for a reasonible frame? this is the place.  We stopped by for a quick frame they had a huge selection. They they even wired it for us and sealed the back.  Really nice job and staff so nice.
Ok, best brisket I had in a long time. Wish it was more that two slices. The mac and cheese wa also good. As was the chilli.  For a food truck it was super tasty
The cafe looks so cute. I have not had a chance to try it but I will for sure. I had a manicure and the lady Jeanne was super sweet. The manicure itself was  nicely done. The only thing I was not a fan o was the soaking of the hands in the solution to take the gel off. If it were not for that , i would have given it 5 stars. My fingers were dry for two days after and most places use cotton and foil on just the nail. Would have liked to see more gel colors but she did say they were expecting it in. The actual job she did was super nice and I did not feel rushed at all. Such a cute salon I might come back to try a cut
Wish they had more larger sizes and bigger shoes but all in all it was nice. The prices a bit high for used clothes but you can find a bargain if you have the time to look
Loe their you pick two. Always such a nice treat. Love to go there for lunch. Tried the noodle bowls and there were suprsiprsingly good
Love Publics and love that they don't need a VIP number each time I go to check out. Love that they have samples and cooking demonstrations. We have visited the one in Huntersville and can't wait for the one IN Cornelius to open up
Love viva chicken.  Wish they had an APP  as we like to order it on the way home and pick it up. Each time I have to fill in all the info again. If I had an account it woudl make it easier.  But love the freshness of the food and the sides. yummy!!!!
Love Trader Joe's and love some of their wines which is amazing for the price. I am not a big fan of their meats but  everything else it great
I will say it again. This place is so funny.As soon as you walk it its as if you are attacked by the staff. They must be told to go an help help help you even if you want a minute to look around. Then when you are ready and walk up to a counter. They say, oh, over here.  I feel that when you place you  items down, if they are not at a register, first move the items for the customer and then apologize or kindly ask the paying person to help you by coming to the other side. I just don't get it. Let a customer come in the door and look around before you attack and put that effort into the cash register. It really makes me not want to come into your store anymore.
They have many promotions like buy one get one free.  So always ask and join the club, its free. So far all the vitamins we have gotten have been fine
Ok, now I will say I liked Theresa and i even like the color she gave me. But for over 400.00 for a hair cut and highlights, wow, that is robbery. First when they make you sign an agreement to pay for a service because the price is outrageous, you already know they are overcharging you. The sad thing is I like the place , like the girl and would go back. But I moved from NY and CT and I have had my hair done  at Adam Broderick and frederic fekkai in NY and its had never cost as much as in Cornelius NC. The color also did not last and faded quite fast for 400.00.  Just saying I thought when i moved here I would never see another 250.00 hair bill. I was right. Its more. I will say to those who think it in with the times., I drive Porsche, own a home and still think that its high in any state, except maybe Hollywood. I wish I could use Theresa again but at  at that kind of price tag  to have my hair highlighted, I am sorry to say not. Really. Time for a reality check Modern salon and spa
Nice place. The workers are all very pleasant. A bit cold. I wish they had electric blankets. Its the only part about donating I do not like.
Walked around for about 40 minutes until we realized this place is closed.
OMG this place is a find. If you have not been yet, set a date and leave yourself hours. You walk in and come out hours later. So nicely done and some good busy. They even have a diner(it was closed when we were there) and will try it next time.  But if you are looking for a rainy day out , this is the place.
Really unique items and one of a kind jewelry. I found the staff much friendlier this time as I have found them cold in the past. That is a good thing. They were very helpful in finding a gift for my daughter
Love Panera. ITs not the lowest in Calories but it is a good tasty stop. I tried the noodle bowl which I thought would be bad but it was super good. We usually get the you pick two and do greek salad and a bowl of soup.
Love this place and love the fact they do event. They have parties and you can have your party there. Love the fact you can take some beer home and put it in the frig. Beers you just cant get in the store. Look forward to seeing the new place
They have it all. Prices are a bit on the high side but so far the meats seem well priced. Nice deli section
looking for a place for brunch/breakfast and found this place in yelp. If you have not been..go. OMG the food is so good and the staff super friendly and helpful. I had the soup and grilled cheese. Sounds simple but it was out of this world. Everyone seemed to love it.
What a amazing grilled cheese, even the pickles were great. I had a smoked bacon and tomato grilled cheese.  I would go back for another
A bar atmosphere but the wings were really good. They have live music and that is very nice. We had an artichoke dip and I will say I woudl rather pay 2.00 more an have a little bit more but that was my only complaint. The portion seemed very small for the amount of chips they give you to eat it with. Maybe have two sizes.  But the dip was very tasty and fresh. The beers were very good
The Brunch is amazing and if you have a coupon its 1/2 the cost. Be early if you plan on dining outside as there is a line by 11:15 on a Sunday. I will say watch and look at your bill. We had a 66.00 bill and I only glanced at the total as we were with guests. So I tipped on the total of 80.00 and put down a 20.00 tip. I later wondered why it was so high and realized they had already put a 20% tip on. so I would up giving a 35.00 tip on a 66.00 bill. Crazy. I did call but they only took off the lower tip of 14.00 which means I tipped about 32%. The waitress was ok, but not worthy of that in my books. I love the place but that left a bad taste in my mouth. If she had been at least friendly I would have said well it was her day, but we have had nice staff. Food wise the place is amazing and the atmosphere is wonderful. One of our favorite places to bring relatives when they come to visit
Love this place. They have some mighty good tacos. Everything tastes really fresh.
Good ribs. I would like more sides and they often run out of ribs.  I do like the owner and wish him good luck. I know they just opened and sometimes it does take awhile to adjust the amount of food needed for the night. Would love to see a few more healthy sides and maybe some potatoes salad and macaroni salad as options. Just would like to have a selection to go with my ribs. Maybe a nightly side special. Can't wait for the warmer weather to sit outside. Hope pets are welcme at the outside talbes
My daughter just moved to the area and adopted a rescue cat. Although the bill was high everyone was super nice. One nurse even gave Hank his meds so my daughter did not have to that night. That was very sweet as a new sick cat can sometimes be a handful. I thought it was super sweet of her to take the extra few minutes the vet himself did not. He said Kelly could do it at home but the nurse or tech stayed and did it all. All in all i think they have nice staff.
Great little place for lunch. The do events but open for lunch during the week. We stopped in one day and we really enjoyed it and at the same cost as McAllesters across the street and its not fast food. I would go back. I think I had the NY sandwich and it was super tasty
Some nice items but way over priced. I had been in before but thought we would take another look. The pieces are very nice, just make sure  you bring your checkbook.
A good place for a decent burger. Just make sure if you ask for it to be medium rare and its not, send it back. A place that makes Burgers shoudl get that right. The sweet potato fries are really good as well. I think I also had the chips and they were good as well.
Ok, I really like the cinema itself.  Its easy to get to and with a bit of luck you can find a spot to park. But I will say the last visit, yesterday was the worst popcorn we have ever had. I even lost a filling. Usually it s not as good as AMC so sometimes I go all the way to concord just for better  popcorn. But last night we got a big tub, its like over 10.00, maybe 15.00 and when my movie bill is about 100.00 to see a movie with my family I expect to get at least what I paid for. We go into the move and start eating. Whole corn kernels unpopped. Almost in every bit. Its was so bad and everyone said so I dumped it out and went up for my free refill thinking it must have been the bottom of the pooped corn. Nope, second one was just as bad. Plus why is there only one person working concession on a Sunday holiday night? i tried to find an address to write to the theatre but no luck. If it was 3.00 a bag, fine but with the cost of popcorn these days it should be the best we can get
Love the workers. They are all so nice and friendly. Now if we could just get the men in the gym to wipe down their machines I would be in heaven. I don't also understand why they need to have sports on so many of the TV's . To get HGTV I have to hunt the workers down. No one even looks at the ESPN channels.The place always seems to be neat and clean though
They are ok. I wish the worker would stop telling me I can do all this myself at home. /this will put her out of a job. There is really only one friendly person who works there. Maybe they think it costs something to say hello and how is your day going?
I always love Chipotle and have never had a bad meal. I dont like them running out of ice and never having limes though. The staff always seems nice and the foo good though. So no ice for my soda, I will survive. I do like that i can have a wrap just the way I like it
Went here to find sushi grade fish. Wow, so nice, nice service and they gave us all sorts of things to try at home. They filled a cooler bag to keep the fish cold.They tell you what is fresh on their website and the fish was amazing.Expensive yes, but we will buy less next time, we had two dinners worth
yuck yuck yuck. I am not sure if it was the day but why do people eat here. The fires were cold, the chiken just so so. I was not pleased. I was expecting so much from the advertizing
Such a nice Gallery and they host really nice local artists. We went to the NC/SC contest and such nice works. We also took in the local art crawl which they schedule on the same night.Its just big enough to have some great pieces but not so large you get tired. Good job on the open house. The only downside we found was parking. Wish they had a local lot or a paid parking lot
From outside I said oh this is going to be bad. The place was quiet but what a surprise. The soup was amazing, so were the spring rolls. I was looking for hot and sour soup so the waitress said they have something similar egg-drop with the hot and sour but no tofu.  It was sooo good. The prices a a bit higher than I thought they woudl be but it was totally worth it. I will be back for sure. My husband had Beep and Boop and it was excellent as well.Well done China Wing
Nice small place and the bartender was super friendly. Liked the decor as well. We had a flight and liked trying the different beer types. All in all a nice experience
A good BBB , plenty of things to see an buy. could not find the item I went for so had to go to best buy to get it which is okk, but ok. They do often have a good sale on towles
Love love love the beers. Wish they would not change the names so often as I was looking for the beer i had the last time and its no longer on the board. The bartender is quick but not the friendliest I have seen around but not rude or nasty either, just not super friendly. Like the place, the location is odd, but like it all the same now that we can find it. The beers are the best I have had since OMB. Will be back
Ok, first, the staff is so sweet. I ran in just before closing and they opened the door at least a dozen people behind me. The ladies behind the counter were super sweet. Since this is my first time I have just been dying to try the chicken. It was super good.  They were out of french fries so i tried the huspuppies, man are they big.  The potato salad and slaw were both really good and very fresh. I just wish they were open later as if you want to pick up after work and work until 5:30, you have to run. I wish they had a hot side like collard greens or mac and cheese, but I will be back for sure. Glad to see a home opened business still in business since 1962. Hope they stay around for many more years. I look forward to stopping in again
Great prices on gas  and the place inside is a trip. Its lik eone of those must tstops on a road trip. Hats with cute studs
Nice little park to go for a stroll or the dog park. They have a nice fireworks display and Christmas sunrise celebrations here
Ok, I will not say its bad, but I expected more from the reviews.  I just found it super fast and very messy. I was given my soup and then the salad 2 minutes later, then the guy was out to cook before I even to go my salad and he was not very entertaining to say the least. He had food flying all over the place. Then I ordered some mustard sauce and it was placed in front of me and 2 minutes later the guy came and took it way thinking it was the said and I could not catch him. The entire staff was hispanic, not Japanese. I will say the shrimp was tasty but the Spagetti  was odd and tasteless.   I just expected a nicer meal for that kind of money.
Loe this place. You have to call ahead as it gets very booked but well worth the wait.Son is the best and I ask for him now. Its a small place but its always packed so make sure you dont just drop in.  Love this place
Pretty good, they need some more stores and better sales and or prices but its getting there. Since it is brand new I am sure they will take some time to get it all right. Tip: if you have AAA stop and get a discount paper to save a bundle. I found out after and could have saved 30.00 in total . A young worker at sacks told me. Thanks
Ok, I will say it again. Love love love the food. I usaully always get the same thing becaue I love it so much. The waitresses so nice. Hate hate hate the manager or whoever she is. She is always staring at our food, tries to rush us and  who is that her daughrter who is working there. ? Always wispering and the two of them constantly had smaples of food while we ate. Hey if you did not have luch, go in the back and eat, dont do it in front of all the partrons who are paying. I really dont know why you dont get rid of her, she really ruins the whole meal for me and I have heard the same thing from others who dine there. Last time I overheard her tell a waitress to come and ask us if we wanted dessert . the kicker is we had just been seved our main couse so we had not even started to enjoy it. When we asked her about it as it upset my hsuband, she said oh no, I told her to ask if you wanted more water, which was odd snce we had full cups. I just feel I would have a complete great meal if I did not have to always be looking to see if she is starting at us like trying to trush us out the door. Just so you are aware, we would dine there more often if we did not have to see her all the time
Staff helpful. A bit expensive for more than 2 pages to fax but glad they were there.  the staff was super sweet
Always good and I loe they serve the hot and sour soup in a big bowl. My only complaint about the pale is they kind of give you an "is that all your ordering look" when you only older soup and appetizers. I really hater that and it make me not enjoy my lunch.  I have had the same feeling twice and in two different place. The last one asked us 4 times if we wanted to add anything to what we were having. Hey out bill was still 39.00 so its not like we had soup and left but really, why make good paying customers feel like they should loader a 4 course meal. Not good PFC. Besides that I love the Hot and Sour soup and the Bang bang shrimp are great. Although bigger than what i get elsewhere.
Pizza? Is that what its supposed to be? I was excited because it was rated well but hey I come from Brooklyn and I never saw a pizza like that before.  Yuck
Nice candy store and nice ice-cream. I have found it odd when i asked for a bag to put candy in they said they did not have them. When buying easter candy I want a basket or bag to place all this stuff in. Its seems like they make it really hard to buy anything
Some great buys. Do not like that they do not carry XXL for men but it is what it is. Wish they had a bigger clearance area as so many people seem to be bunched up around that area.
Ok, first let me start by saying the tacos were great. We went on a Saturday and were seated pretty quickly. We liked our waitress. What I did not like is we ordered a drink and then an hour later when the table across from us  sat and was eating in like 5 minutes I was wondering what was going on. Finally our waitress came and told us the kitchen pulled our order at the end instead of the beginning. So we waited and hour and 20 mintes to eat, bought more drinks because we were sitting there with a guest. So its was and additonal 40.00 in drinks and the waitness shoudl have compted us the second round of drinks. I really enjoyed the food but the fact that 6 tacos cost me about 100.00 becuase of the 5 drinks is crazy. It took us over 2 hours to eat and we only ate for about 15.00 miniutes.  I really wish the service had been better because it ruined the whole thing for me. Oh I had the salmon tacos and they were very tasty. I just hate having a whole night ruined by bad service...and I had to pay 100.00 for it hummm
I thought it was good. I went there with a coupon but they would not let me use it but other than that it was a good pizza. I enjoyed it very much
Not a bad bagel but would like to see more options. Everything seemed pretty fresh
Ok, I am still trying to decide if I like them or not. I have had two good and two bad visits. Sometimes my gels last two weeks and sometimes not. Now the places is beautiful but I often feel they don't really like the customer. I had a mother daughter team and the mother gave me some odd vibes. She spoke in another language all the time to her daughter who then said her mother said she had big boobs(which she did not) and i was wondering if she was talking about me. So since I spent 120.00 to get my nails done with tip, I think I will try a few more places. I keep thinking back to the Seinfeld episode where they are all talking behind Elaines back and would rather not the the ridiculed client. since I don't understand and they chose not to speak English, i will look for a place that allows the clients to hear what they are saying.  Oh plus the mother filed down my nails way past what I woudl have liked. The problem of getting two things done at once and not paying attention. So wish I did not leave a 20.00 tip. Live and learn
I found the prices to be upcahrged in order for you to see any dicount. I found no bargains. Everything was super expensive and most think there for a short time so never lowered in cost
I actually was a bit worried with one or two of the reviews but it was really good. the value is great and you get to try a whole bunch of new things. Loved the udon. I wish the shumi and the wantons were not fried but steamed but they were still good. We also asked for a plain tuna roll and they were happy to get it for us. The only thing I did not like is the you have to eat it if you order it. I think the rule is a good one but if you dont like somethign like the tornado roll we ordered because it was to doughy, I really wish I did not have to finish it. They say if you dont finish it you will be billed for it. But all in all the best thing was the bill , about half of what it woudl ave cost me. We did the lunch and cant wait to try the dinner. Was not keen on the guy who kept walking through, at least stop and say hello if you are going to Marshall the  place. The waitresses were so very nice. give it a try
The staff is super friendly, almost to friendly, but we like that. The doctors , we have met two, really seem to care about the pets. We just moved to NC from CT . They were really good at getting out info and helping us get settled
ok, the food is great. I liked that but let me tell you some things that I think shoudl happen when I pay more than 150.00 for dinner. One, a cocktail should not be 15.00. That is way to high. Secondly If I am still eating my appetizer, don't bring the dinner and say you are bringing it so it will not get cold. I thought it was just us but the table access had the same thing happen while eating their salad.   I want to enjoy both things hot, so wait another 10 minutes before cooking the main course. I love the freshness of the food but would have like to have a nicer whole experience. Not  a lover of the paper on the tables either(my husband said) or the music which should be acoustic so we can chat.  I also had a credit from a groupon we were not allowed to apply because we had a free fondue which looked more like a dip.
Nice selections but I would put the hot food before the pizza and you dont see it until you go to pay. Expensive but it did hit the spot
Very unprofessional , and the food is sub-par.  I really had no expectations, so being disappointed was no surprise.  The management I found extremely aloof and disrespectful.  Not just to us patrons, but to other subordinates in the restaurant.Clearly we will never return, but we will be sure to spread the word so that others know before going.
I would  be grateful to those of you willing to repeat after me slowly: S T E P H E N  NEEDS M E D I C A T E D.For every person who loves him let's him go on with himself as he is is just as bad as him.  He is an absolute Monster.
I am so glad I finally got to experience the old more iconic side of Vegas this weekend.  This place is totally excellent.  Today with all the new Vega$ sometimes it is great to go back to the start.  I visited both the Lounge and restaurant.  The late night food was simple and good, which certainly helped after cocktails. If you like the idea of the old Vegas with, Elvis, & Rat Pack days, then you should stop in for a drink or bite and experience a true treasure. Cheers!
My good friends that live locally introduced me to Khoury's and I certainly wish there was one closer to my home.  This place is great.  You can take part of having beverages in the "Bar" section.  Brilliant!! They have an excellent selection of craft brew and a nice friendly staff.  There were groups enjoying drinks and playing games upon my visit.  Great place to shop, taste, and have a good time.  Check this place out if you are around- Cheers!
Great Dive Bar- I went to Champagne's on a Beer Budget and had a great time.  I did not participant in Karaoke, but they certainly have one heck of a set up.  The Karaoke leader assists your singing by playing the electric guitar and another gentleman plays the drums.  I am from out of town and I got to see how the fun eclectic Vega$ locals spend their Saturday nights.  I was only bummed they didn't have an XL Bar T-Shirt that I wanted to purchase, but the drinks the kind bartender poured made me quickly forget.  If you want to have fun in the seedier side of Vegas, at a lot less touristy location and you are okay with dive bars, then you must go and have a drink or two here.  Cheers!
No doubts here. Whiski is the place to go to get educated on scotch whisky. (And, please know that you should stop simply refer to it as "whisky"...not "scotch"...you are in Scotland after all. So, it's implied!) Oh! The food is brilliant! Apps to mains. Can't go wrong. Staff is always super friendly and accomodating. Even to Yankees.  Get a flight, or try a monthly special. Have a bite. Great taps too. Don't miss!
This is NOT a review of BrewDogs brews. Rather, this is a review of BrewDog Edinburgh. Food here is actually quite good, pizza offerings are better than par (and par = perhaps Pizza Express). Service was quite slow...almost deliberately. Nonetheless, it's a good stop just a "block" south of the Royal Mile on Cowgate. Tip: Cowgate doesn't intersect with many of the streets that bear off of the "Mile". Use a good mapping app or simply approach from Grassmarket.
Bad day at Curritio? Maybe. More likely just another day. I ordered a Classic Steak Bowl. Dried out meat. Sprinkle of beans. About 2 servings worth of rice. Brown guac. Weird corn. All in my burrito bowl. Had to clarify the order with the clerk, but once he got it right on the register it was already built without my input on the line. I guess that's somehow my fault for not doing a build your own. Alas, it could have been a good alternative to hamburgers or pizza in the airport. But it's NOT Chipolte. Too bad.
Horrible service, I thought it was a good place because of the reviews on Facebook and Yelp so I took my Beetle back in July and What a horrible mistake that was. Those reviews are fake.
Woefully average Thai food with even worse service. We were a group of 8 so I can understand that's hard to accommodate EXCEPT we were literally the only people in the restaurant so it shouldn't have been a problem. For appetizers we ordered soups, taro egg rolls, and crispy tofu. The egg rolls were good but everything else was pretty basic. The timing was very off...our server brought our apps and immediately started bringing over our dinner entrees. Not enough time between courses.Annoyingly enough, half our entrees came out and the other half trickled in over the next half hour so by time we got our fried rice the red curry we had ordered to pair with it was already cold. The server was kind but pretty inattentive and unapologetic about everything. The food is nothing special and the service only makes it worse. Save yourself time and go to Nicky's or Spice Island if you're in the area. This place just isn't worth it.
Been here a couple times but this time was pretty unpleasant - we had a reservation yet we were basically asked to leave our table less than 10 minutes after closing out our tab because "another party had a reservation." We still had full beers when we were asked to give up our table, and the hostess was aloof and standoffish when I told her we would leave once we were finished. The place was packed because of the Pens parade, so I understand there was a rush to get people seated but I find it pretty rude and ridiculous to try and kick someone out after they have paid $80+ for a meal while they're trying to finish drinks.Won't be going back here.
It works ! Klaus is an amazing teacher who removed my fear of water and taught me how to swim in 3.5 days. It does sound too good to be true, but he is the real deal. My fear of water is gone and I feel very comfortable in deep waters well. Klaus is the right combination of assertiveness and compassion. There was no pre-requisite required to attend his course. I highly recommend it, the best 3.5 days of my life so far ! With the results to show for it.
Signs of serious decline. Have visited 10 times in the past, this time things were seriously bad. Food - No flavor, tasted same as frozen and reheatedService - Horrible, non-existent. Even though it was 4 pm and the restaurant was empty, they tried to seat us in the extreme back corner. Wait staff was in a hurry to talk among themselves, not really interested in serving. Food arrived long before appetizers and bread (had to ask twice if bread was coming)Will not be going again. Was good in the past, but this experience is enough for us to say bye-bye.
Have a positive update. Received an email from customer service and went to the store and exchanged the gloves with Eric. Very pleased that they took the time to make this experience smooth. A fixed mistake deserves a positive review in my book.
All pretense, no real customer serviceI rent twice a month from enterprise. Last month, I get a collection agency bill claiming I had not paid an enterprise bill. Very surprising, since if am a enterprise plus member and credit card is automatically bulled, and I never received any letters from enterprise.I called enterprise,and was told twice that I had nothing outstanding. Then the collection agency sent me an actual enterprise invoice. Called enterprise and they 'promised' to get back to me.Ten days later, no response from enterprise and a new letter from the collection agency. Called the rental location, and the manager 'Dan' was patronizing, while talking professionally. He claimed he had lots of customers waiting in line, and would get back to me. Never did, called him again next day, nothing resolvedBottom line- enterprise is understaffed to deal with their customers- their phone customer service is happy to lie to get the customer off the phone- same attitude extends to managers at rental locationsCanceling my enterprise membership and will NEVER rent from them again
I love this place, took me a long time to find a hair dresser who knows how to cut men's hair with minimal fuss and at a decent price. My hairdresser is Sansan, and I would recommend her (but please everybody don't just book with her, i don't want a long line next time i'm there ;-)
Update as of Jan 29. I received a call from the owner "George", threatening me with slander for writing this honest review. Customers have a right to point out bad products and providers, and bad service. If the business owners start to threaten to affect that, all that will be left are glowing positive reviews. My review is based on my experience with this business and it's owner. It has been a very disappointing experience. I regret my purchase and dealing with him.
Excellent job, came on-time, did the work well with no fuss, very efficient, and carpets are very clean. Would recommend !
Went there on a date this Saturday. The only good think about this restaurant is the view. We had a nice view of the city, other than that the customer service was ok. The food was terrible. They did not have lots of options. The buscuits they brought out were not warm and hard. I ordered the jumbo shrimp and they were definitely jumbo. So big they were disgusting, while they were hot the rice on my plate was cold. The best part of my plate was the corn but I mean, you cant really mess that up? My boyfriend got the fried chicken, it looked like an actual chicken cut down the middle and fried. It did not look appetizing at all. Sad to say we left hungry and very disappointed. Will not be going there again!
The employee's there clearly hate their jobs. The first employee we encountered gave us incorrect directions. We followed around the back to the inspection center, as a first timer to this process it was very confusing. Once we figured it out we walked in the inspection center to sign in, the adot "officer" was clearly unhappy about being behind a desk. I have never encountered such unprofessional, rude, unhelpful (to say the least) employee in my life. I believe his name on his "uniform" was Majewski? He even went on about how he hopes he doesn't have to arrest anyone today because that will make the wait longer and then continued to talk about Joe Arpaio (which had absolutely nothing to do with anything.) We then made the decision to leave, not because of the long wait but because of this very rude employee. I'll drive as far as I need to next time to avoid this rude individual.
Moved to this side of town so this place was the closest to me. First time I came no one acknowledged/welcomed me, I asked for a gel manicure and regular pedicure the lady cut my cuticle area TWICE I literally had to ask her to be careful the second time it started bleeding and she literally just wiped it with her finger (no glove or anything). I decided to give them a second try as I assumed maybe it was just a bad day. The second time again no customer service and did a mediocre job. Not worth it.
Food is trash. Got a combo pizza, side salad & Stromboli. Pizza was bland, barely any flavor, undercooked. Stromboli was the same no flavor, outside was done but inside the cheese wasn't melted & center was cold. Saved the side salad for lunch but not expecting much at all.
Convenient location off the 215. Popped in to get a gift card for my girlfriend and was in/out in minutes. The staff is friendly and the place is super clean. Happy Holidays procrastinators!
Used them to clean a rental property, they showed up on time. The very nice guy did not try to upsell the extras. Was very happy with the end result, using them now for my home.
Parking is horrible. Was 30 minutes late for a show after arriving 40 minutes early to the Monroe road area
Great service and care for their customers! Zach Ross did a great job for us on our termite warranty inspection and treatment!
Great service and Sushi!  Should check this place place out!  The owner was even nice enough to give us our coupon back and say we could use it next time
Great service I am very satisfied . The lady is so cute and friendly , highly recommend.
After searching for dog friendly restaurants in the area I am very pleased to have found the Grapevine Cafe. It was the end of a long, busy vacation and was looking for something with a more relaxed atmosphere that we could all just enjoy good food and conversation. The ambiance filled that expectation of a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere. The patio was spacious and inviting for all of us including the dog. The staff was attentive, friendly and never made is feel rushed. They truly made us feel like guests in their home. We ordered appetizers, salads and pasta, it was all prepared perfectly with small twists on dishes to call them their own. I wish I could get their recipe for their Penne Pasta a la Vodka, it was the best thing I had in a long time and have to thank our waiter Luis for such great recommendations for food/ wine pairings. We all had a great experience and will definitely come back when in Vegas!!
Visited R.T O'Sullivans for the first time tonight with my boyfriend and was not disappointed. It was very busy but we were seated quickly and didn't have to wait long for our server. I ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich and my boyfriend got the O'Connell burger with nachos as an appetizer. I tried the sauce on the Buffalo chicken sandwich and couldn't eat it due to it being too spicy for me. Our waitress was very nice and understanding when I asked for something else. I ended up with the Philly cheese steak. All of our food was phenomenal. Everything down to the chili on my boyfriends chili cheese fries to the chips in the nachos. We don't get to go out very often and this was the perfect pick. I plan on going back every chance I get.
My child loves AIKA. He comes home and is always excited to show us what he has learned. Not only is he learning how to defend himself but he is also more confident and focused in the dojo, at school, and in our home. I would strongly encourage anyone with an interest in Karate to join the AIKA family.
The food portions were pretty big however the taste wasn't as good as it looked. The place is pretty clean for a Chinese restaurant. I would come back again if the dim sum places around were not open.
Workers were very Traditional Japanese because they spoke Japanese and were very polite. The food tasted great! Also it was a great value.
Average pho place, I would only come back if it was the only pho place open around town. The soup wasn't hot coming out of the kitchen which is my biggest gripe.
Definitely lives up to their name of King noodle. I've ordered the roast duck noodle and it was very delicious. The duck and soup was really flavorful. The noodles weren't soggy or too hard. I also tried the beef tendon noodles and the tendons were very soft and flavorful. You also can't go wrong with the prices!  I would definitely come back!
Every time we passed by, I noticed that it was always packed. Now I know why. Everything we ordered was super fresh and delicious.  They had a huge selection for their all you can eat dinner. The workers were very friendly and helpful although I was expecting Japanese workers. I would definitely return when if I'm in the area.
I stood in like for about a half an hour before I ordered but it was worth the wait!  I really like the fact that you can pick your ice ratio in your milk tea. I got the jasmine green milk tea with pudding and less sugar and it was amazing! I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're short on time but it's definitely worth the way if you decide to try it.
I got the roast duck won ton noodles. The noodles were good and firm and the wontons were 100% shrimp which was very good. The roast duck and roast suckling pig was bland.  But not bad for the prices.
*Didn't like that all they had for veggies was celery.*No lemonade juice (that was important to me)*Had the spicy bbq...it was okay.*2 cranberry juices set me back pennies close to 6 bucks (ridiculous).*facilities were nice.
When this store first opened it was okay. Now it is not just dirty but filthy. The carpet is disgusting, dressing rooms smell, lights are out. Savers, Goodwill are a credit to this place. I have shopped at the clearance centers in Az. and Ohio and they are decent. There is no excuse for the filth and neglect in the Las Vegas center. I would be ashamed the have my name affiliated with this disgrace.
We love Lazy Dogs! The food is consistently good, very unique atmosphere, friendly staff. I love the mac&cheese, tortilla soup, grilled cheese and tomato soup, trout dinner really anything on the menu. Plus love the patio for taking your dog buddy with you.
Very impressed! Great theme. Food was really good. We ordered the calamari for the appetizer. The best I have ever had. We had a great pizza which was a happy hour special. Also, had the shrimp/grits dish. Everyone was pleased with the food and drinks. The most important part of the meal was the server, Ron. He was not only an excellent server( the best I have seen in a long time) but the way he took a genuine interest in us was amazing. He was so attentive and just made us feel so special. We were all very impressed with this young man.  Ask for him you won't be sorry!
Came here. Spent $15+ dollars on a dozen donuts. Ate just about all of them. & never want to look at a donut again. But I mean that in the best way possible. & highly recommend. The fruity pebbles were my everything. Worth mentioning that all three staff members were very happy and friendly and didn't outwardly judge my fianc and I for buying twelve donuts for just the two of us despite us judging  ourselves. Also a plus: Haven't throw up yet.
Wow! Talk about a pleasant surprise. My fianc and I are out of towners and we chose to stop at Don & Charlie's on a random whim. Not only was every inch decked in awesome old sports memorabilia, but the environment and food were over the top amazing! What a relief to enjoy a mom&pop type of restaurant packed to the gills on a Thursday night. I got the more classic Cobb salad with salmon and it was the best salad I ever had... My fianc who is a meat snob (cough cough) ordered pork chops and he was more than pleased. We were also very impressed by their home made apple sauce. This is the only place I've ever been that has gotten me excited enough to write a Yelp review of my own. We will return and we will highly recommend to all. Our two dishes were $55 together, which is just barely pricier than normal for a casual night out, but it was certainly worthy of it. Thanks for a great meal!
Pet friendly, great outdoor seating area, fun staff, delicious food!! Will come back!
Delicious, not one to eat at the "as seen on tv spots", but was frankly impressed here. Burgers are delicious and ingredients are fresh, had a Chicago burger, amazing, from bun to party everything in between was amazing. Great for kids, family atmosphere.
Rooms are nice, clean and spacious. However all service employees are rather unfriendly even by Vegas standards. From check in to bellhop, to valet, terrible attitudes, unwelcoming and unhelpful. When we first checked in, the check in lady saw us waiting in the wrong  line and rolled her eyes in the direction of where we should be waiting.Again the place is good enough, ambience, decor and space, but almost an unintended sense of New York rudeness comes with the theme, not taken well.
Excellent food, great service will definitely be our future stop in Vegas. The rib eye was also delicious. Kids had a California roll which exceeded all expectations. All the fish was fresh and delicious.
Five stars on account that my expectations were set very low going into this. The circus circus is well, a circus, however you will be pleasantly impressed by the gem it holds within, this place is dark and quiet and has incredible mesquite grilled steaks, I enjoyed every bite of my New York steak and would definitely try and visit next time.Thank you for your excellent food and service, and to those who think this place is not worth the money, nothing worthwhile in Vegas is cheap, and cheap things aren't good.
best eyelashes ever!!! I highly reccomend you check her out!! Kathryn is very precise and pays close attention to detail! I leave so happy and can't stop looking at my full fluttery eyelashes! I love waking up with perfect eyelashes each morning! The environment is comfortable and she goes above and beyond to make the experience as relaxing as possible!
I was in Vegas last weekend and, in my quest for a unique breakfast, stumbled upon this place. First, let me say that this restaurant proudly represents what Vegas stands for. The food is big..Huge... And ultra...  I mean ULTRA tasty. When I draft a review, I comment on 3 areas: Food, service, and price. The service was decent... Above average, but not over the top. The servers we experienced were attentive and friendly. Some were rather unique looking but hey, that's Vegas. One thing I liked was that everyone we talked to acted as if they were happy and proud to work there. I like that! The atmosphere was very casual and the place was a bustling with activity. I was happy and comfortable.The food....WOW...the food.  OK, it took me quite some time to decide what to order.  Everything on the menu looked good!  So did the plates of food I saw passing by!  I ended up ordering the fried chicken benedict...a Man vs. Food favorite.  It did not disappoint.  In one word: Unbelievable.  This place prides themselves on twisted farm food.  The portions were HUGE and the taste was outstanding!  My girl ordered the brown sugar and banana pancake.  It was the size of a medium pizza!  It tasted so good that you would need to sit down to eat it.  This is simply no joke.  My only regret is that I didn't get to try other things on the menu.  If you are in a party of 4, I would highly recommend ordering 3 totally different breakfasts and then sharing them.  This would allow you to try different things and you would in no way be short on food.  This restaurant definitely did deliver in every sense of the word.  BOOYAH!The price was amazingly reasonable for Vegas.  It was priced similar to IHOP but with all the huge portions and pizazz of a meal you cant get just anywhere.  For the two of us it was 28 dollars with drinks!  We did order too much food though as neither of us could finish.  My taste buds wanted more but my stomach simply couldn't handle another bite!I just love this place.  I am glad we found it and I cant wait to go back the next time I visit Las Vegas.
I have lived on this property for 2 years and the best thing about it is Kimberly. She has the time and understanding it takes to work on this field. Others in the office seem to be clueless a majority of the time and forget how important customer interaction is. You should learn from Kimberly as with age truly comes experience and understanding. - I would give this place a 1 star, but Kimberly is a 5 star service representative.
I have been coming to this place for a very long time and it is fantastic. If your looking to hangout with friends this is the place.
I would give a -5 stars if I could. This is the WORST Hudson's Bay ever!!! It's rarely organized and the workers are not helpful and they work slower than grannies. Expect to wait AT LEAST 20 minutes to pay at any cashier (if any are open) when there are only 3 people in line.. I am not exaggerating. Even opening a plastic bag can take them 5-10 seconds.. I sometimes wonder if Hudson Bay only hires people who are older, slower and not helpful.. They also are more confused about sales than customers coming in (I've witnessed this quite a few times).. I don't know how they make any money.. Thank God for board committees with deep deep pockets.
Shape Up is a great personal training facility.  We recently moved from Davidson and had to switch from a very good workout place and find one in Charlotte.  We looked at a number of places and decided on Shape Up.My wife and I are extremely pleased with our experience. Shape Up provides a clean, modern, positive environment to work out in. After 7 years of training we know what to expect and Shape Up has met all our requirements.The trainers are all very knowledgeable and do a great job keeping things energetic and challenging. Our trainer Margo has been great at addressing "active old folks" aches and pains.Shape Up's owner Micheal Anders also publishes a health newsletter and blog that provide lots of good health and nutrition info.Overall, Shape Up is great place.
I think there are things that can be helpful for people, but so far for me I don't think ive gotten much done. They keep scheduling appointments and I keep having to miss work since I work the same hours as the business. I applied for their program in October and I've had probably 6 appointments. ive done their all-day class to get into one assistance program, but that's not complete yet. I feel like as many times as ive had to go in, I should have everything done, but im not even close. And the last time I called to reschedule early Dec I never heard back from her. I just feel like I entered this program to help with money, but so far ive missed a lot of work (lost money) and spent a Saturday in a class for a program im still not registered for. So disappointing!
I purchased a coupon from restaurant.com the other week. You pay a certain amount depending on the increment and then you have to order a bill twice as much as whatever increment you got, mine was $15 so I was ready to order $30 of food. It took me that long to use it because they aren't open on weekends and they close at 5. I finally got to go today and no one was attending the register. When she saw me she came up, I showed her my coupon and she rolls her eyes and says to wait and leaves, another woman comes up and says that its old and they aren't doing that anymore, the woman tried to hang onto my coupon and I grabbed it from her. If she calls the number on there it will make my coupon invalid and I will lose the $15. my mom who was with me asked when they expire and I showed her where it said it never expires. Yea right! I can't comment on the food because after that visit I wasn't going to buy anything from there.
Brandon was a great bartender. Really nice and helpful when deciding on all the beer choices. Loved his recommendations. Def try the young berry chocolate if u want a dessert beer the only reason I'm giving this review 3 starts and not 5 is because being vegetarian its disappointing when u order a gardein pizza and after eating u realize it wasn't vegetarian at all. It def wasn't his fault. Another server had asked if we wanted something else and we should have stuck w the same bartender to begin with.orher than that, next time we go Vegas well def be stopping by to visit Brandon again
Quick service. Friendly employees. Awesome women's restrooms. Tasty & interesting twist on the Japanese cuisines. Definitely would come back and recommend others to eat here.
Went for 2017 Summerlicious.  This is our 4th outings during the last seven days for this year Summerlicious.  Overall I would rate food at 4 of 5.  Clean and refined tasting, good presentation, nice portions. Menu selections were also good. However, service from our server was at bare minimum and average. Didn't ask me if we wanted cocktails, wines or even coffee!So I also intentionally forego all of the above...so save me a few $$!That is just fine with me because I already have a great wine collection and 2 nespresso machines at home.My other observation is the serving and greeting staff has a bias to seat Asians away from the preferred window seating areas and to offer the bare minimum level of service. I traveled extensively in North America and at times to Asia and Europe and has an expense account so I wont make an effort to return or recommend Canoe to my clients or colleagues. The competition is fierce so let it be.
Raul and Alicia gave outstanding service and repair.  Efficient and trustworthy. Repaired earring expertly when no one else could. Enjoyed the smiling faces as well
So, I decided its time to get the wife's car tinted, and I have been following Precision on facebook for awhile, and I have to say this.They are very professional here, I would recommend this company to anyone and everyone wanting to get their home business or vehicle tinted. They quoted me a price prior to going in, and they changed me that price when I got there. Brian the owner worked on Mr car and I couldn't be happier with the way it turned out! Thank you Brian, Chelsey and the Precision Window Tint family for everything!!! Y'all are amazing people with a great company!!!!
This restaurant is one of my absolute favorite places to go.  The food and service are great. I had a problem with the nachos and the manager (Larry)not only fixed the problem, but was so warm and genuine.  Hire for personality and train for skills.  You always feel welcome, can you tell I am a regular? The drinks are interesting and delicious and you can't beat their happy hour.  I usually get the fish tacos no slaw and extra sauce.  My husband and child love this restaurant as much as I do!
I have been training with Core Fitness for several years.  Cory is professional knowledgable and very positive in meeting the goals and expectations of his clients. I highly recommend him.  He has transformed my physique and I couldn't be happier with the results.  Thank You Cory!
What great time on Saturday night. Loved the whole fried red snapper and pina coladas.  The drinks were tasty, the food was delicious, the restaurant is cool and charming.  Would go back in a heartbeat.
This is place is wonderful.  Lots of locals. Food is delicious, the atmosphere is cool, good service and the owners make you feel special.  What a great restaurant and they have an awesome happy hour!
I love this place! I feel right at home because this is the kind of food that I make at home! Mike the manager was awesome and so was Ally.  My new favorite lunch spot.
Dianna Marcus is one of the most helpful people I have ever met!  She has excellent taste and steered me in the right direction. It was a great shopping experience!
Great store. Store manager is very professional. Just say away from using Geeksquad for installation. They lack knowledge of how to install home theater systems. I lost $600 due to their lack of knowledge.
I liked the store, but felt the service was very poor. They appeared very unorganized. Store clerks did not do a great job of explaining products. It is doubtful I will return to the store.
Keri Meyers is the BEST photographer ever! She did our newborn photos of Ciaran (our son) when he was just 4 days old. She has such a wonderful, calming presence with babies, that he just felt right at home and slept through the photo shoot. He was so calm and comfortable. For the parents, she has a relaxing area with couches, a TV, water and snacks, so that you can rest while she takes photos of baby. (She also does other types of photography, like families, etc....)Best of all, we now have very gorgeous, professional photos of our dear baby when he was brand-new. Everyone that sees the photos wants to know "Where did you get those photos taken?! They are so beautiful!".If you do anything special to commemorate the birth of your child, hire Keri Meyers! :)
Lived here for a little over a year. Yes, not the best area and yes there are some shady people. But, you're staying at a weekly. What do you expect?? Good response time on work orders. Great staff. Who are a lot more helpful than the reviews suggest. Everyone quick complaining...most of you were probably evicted anyway.
This place is absolutely amazing. My favorite is the chicken and rice with like, followed closely by the pork and cheese pupusa. Highly recommend
So we had reservations for 930 on a Friday night and were seated immediately upon our arrival. The (almost all-male)staff were attentive, informative and friendly. Our meal:-Edamame with shaved seasalt-Sashimi yellowtail with miso and jalapeno (yummmmy, Bobby's favorite)-Black cod in lettuce cups with filo flakes (my favorite, so perfect)-Sashimi with garlic chips (little too salty)-Salmon sushi-Toro sushi (very tasty fish)-Dessert: edamame icecream atop a brownsugar brownie,Caramel sauce, and tiny sliver of decadent brittle...the icecream scoop was so tiny that we really couldn't taste the edamame. A super treat for sushi, but be prepared to spend money!!
Had reservations on a Saturday night (10/11/14) with my wife and her parents. Wanted to sit outside but settled for inside as there was no open outside seating until after 9pm. Good ambiance and a nice setting with the fountains faintly visible in the background.Food: Menu had many options that looked great and we all ordered something different. Unfortunately, the food was so average to below average that it led me to write a review . The ladies each ordered a flat bread  (Prosciutto and Fig & Spicy Chicken Sausage). They were fine but nothing memorable. Below average dough with some fancy toppings. Father-in-law ordered the special, Braised Short Ribs. It had good flavor but a little on the dry side. Lastly, I ordered the Crazy Mushroom Pappardelle. It was $34. It was an Olive Garden dish that had a bout 4 or 5 mushrooms in it. It even had the "Signature Dish" stamp next to it; it was a disappointing signature dish. I'm rarely a harsh critic when it comes to food but the price we paid and the meal we got was disappointing.So why 3 stars instead of 1 or 2...The servers, managers and everyone that had to answer a million questions from my mother-in-law. They were so friendly and genuine in their conversations. I am terrible and can't remember their names, but the staff that worked with our table saved the experience.
Great customer service the store employee knew right away the boots that would be authorized by my employer and they had my size in stock
A nice surprise order desert peach cobbler calas not what I was expecting a combination of a fritter,cobbler and sweet goodness with honey ,powder sugar all I was missing is a glass of milk.
Bad experience. Pulled in they just finished the car in front of me. The 2 bays were open sat there for 30 minutes with no cars inside the shop. A newer truck pulls in and they start working on it and left my car sitting there. I walk out and take my elsewhere.
Really good food fresh and full of flavor , the kids love the grilled chicken ,Thai tea was excellent not too sweet, spring rolls and egg rolls were really good , the best macaroons and ice cream.
Really good food, full of flavor had the curried noodles the shrimp we cook perfectly,  tuna ceviche with watermelon and jicama was refreshing, the bao was good overall was a satisfying meal will go back
Fast friendly, they honor the coupon from yelp 15 dollars off definitely be back when I pass through Las Vegas and need a oil change
Really good food fresh and full of flavor service waitress was awesome my cup of tea never ran empty definitely will be back
Delicious pizza!! Great service!!! Nice place to relax off the strip. Really enjoyed the food and staff! Stop by if you're in Vegas....you won't regret it!!
Huge restaurant with authentic cuisine and family style. We chose from their seafood options and were not disappointed. Portions were huge so there was no place for dessert.
Get there early because it might get packed later. Food comes very slowly but it is worth waiting. Definitely best tacos we ate so far, recommend trying their signature santissima gourmet! There is a big choice in the fresh salsa bar and the whole place has a nice decor inspired by dia de los Muertos.
Nice location, you can park nearby and the ticket is even reimbursed later by restaurant. We had great crab stuffed chicken, scallops and yummy yummy hot chocolate cake. Good recommendations from waiters and nice service overall.
Absolute fine dining at its best. They have pricey food but treat yourself to it, it's well worth it. They also have a variety  shows displayed on the beautiful waterfall.
Rented 2 vehicles from Dave and let me tell you customer service was A+! Rented the cars for a week and was given a great rate he was very flexible and worked to deliver the cars when I needed them. I will definately return it was great!
Four star breakfast in Charlotte for sure. The biscuits are fluffy on the inside and crunchy on the outside, just the way I like them. I had the Hollywood omelet with a fruit cup on the side and it was as expected, perfect. My wife got the high flyer and it came with an oatmeal pancake that had a peach syrup side that was as good as it gets. No negatives for service because if you have good conversation at the table you shouldn't care about waiting for GREAT food. The place was packed and they were on their game. Definitely try this place and you'll make it a frequent stop as we do when we are in the area.
So good,  a slice is filling!  This is a must stop on all future visits. It's on the 3rd floor,  not on the 2nd as I was originally told.  Very fast,  in and out to get your food
Amazing Pizza!!! if you are in Montreal and looking for some delicious pizza and drinks you need to try this place!!!
Water is shut off at first monthly, then biweekly, now weekly, and off for hours! No notice is given!! Pools look terrible, green with algae, never are the two pools open at the same time. Over this past summer the pools were closed on a weekly basis. One may be open for a few days and then locked up again for another few days to a week! The washer/dryers on each floor has at least one of them broken or one of each broken. Management in the office never seem to know what's going on but one of the ladies, she is a sweetheart! Maintenance NEVER come by when they say they are, your lucky if it's the same week you called. Elevators are always broken or need repairs, guests are always stuck in them for an hour to hours long!!! Fire department has been called a few times to open/help the ones stuck in them! Our AC was shut off for 1 1/2 days, during 110 days! If yours want to live here it's at your own risk, the hassle is not worth the headache!!!!
I've been living in this area for over a year now and sad I just now found this gem!! Scott was AMAZING  and gave great recommendations! Everything was great! I'm not a burger girl by any means but this place has outstanding burgers! The wings were savory and best I've ever had! The French onion soup was and is the best I've ever had, including my own! You will not leave this place unhappy, hungry or dissatisfied! I would give more stars if allowed!
I went here for my first time with my dog about a week ago and I love it!The prices are great.
The Best Chips and Salsa!When you go here you need to try the flour chips.They also have a nice patio that you can have a nice meal under the stars.
You have to try this place. The first time I tried it was in Las Vegas and I am glad they are here is Arizona now.
This has to be the best Seafood place in the state of Arizona!I love the Clam Chowder Bread bowl.
I lived here for about two years because I liked the area because it was new (back in 2007) ya that was a bad mistake this building are not made well at all there is dog poop everywhere, bugs everywhere, and the trash cans were always full.Don't spend your money here!
I have been here a few times trying to give them 2nd, 3rd, 4th,.... chances but it never got better :( if it went any direction it is getting worst. The food itself is ok but when it comes to service or the restaurant it is embarrassing. The restrooms smell like sewer (very bad). The owner she is not nice she is very rued.If you do go make sure you go to the bathroom before going to this place and make sure the owner is not working and it might be ok.
There food is great! The thing to try when you are there is the French Onion Soup!The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars was the service has not been up to par and I have been there about 8 times.I will still be going back I have heard it is getting better because of management.
I had an iPhone 4S that had a bad power button and it needed to get fixed so I went here and in 20mins it was fixed.I was very happy with this place.I would send any and everyone here in a heartbeat.Please support this Arizona Local business.
I have a puppy (6 months) and when my wife and I have to go out of town for work or fun we make sure to take him there. The best part is there is always someone the 24 hours a day and night (Petsmart does not). Included in the price is Day Care/Day Camp (Petsmart does not).There was one time that it was midnight and I had to leave town right away so I called them and I was able to drop off my puppy that same night (1am).This is the best Pet Hotel in the State!
Bad experience.  12 year old son pulled a huge hair that was in the food from his mouth.  Asked to just take it back.  They billed me for the meal.   I asked to have it removed.  Server said she called the manager and he was willing to give me 50% off his meal that he didn't eat.  Had to wait for a 2nd call and another 15 minutes to call the manager to remove meal.  Won't be coming back
I've been into this store twice and each time I've been ignored. I've had several of the employees look me dead in the face and then either keep talking to each other or walk away. However, they talk to the people who walk in behind me or in front of me. It's amazing to still see such blatant racism. I usually love Victoria secret but now I'm skeptical about shopping at any of the stores.
Kat is amazing! She's friendly and makes sure to hit all of your tender spots. I always leave happy and relaxed
This was our second visit here this week. First visit was dinner, I had the steak which was cooked perfectly, hubby had the pork chop which was also very good.  Today for lunch it is busy but server is very attentive and food was amazing! The price is great for the strip and love the 3 for 10 drinks special . We will be back!
Wanted something "off the strip", our food was amazing we had fajitas and Chile Verde. The tortillas were home made the staff were attentive and very nice. We will definitely eat here again(maybe breakfast) before we head home.
We were unsure after reading reviews, but we are so happy we gave it a try!! If you think you are coming to a fancy establishment then don't come! This is a down home diner with amazing food! The shrimp and grits was delicious, the smothered fried chicken with world famous gravy was AMAZING!! We are now aware of why it is world famous!! Our server was great. Will be coming back, maybe tomorrow lol!!
This is where I get my barbecue in Charlotte, hands down. I am a fanatical fan of pulled pork and have suffered through a lot of poor excuses for barbecue - which is inexcusable in NC. Midwood does pulled pork right and their N Carolina sauce and S Carolina sauces are spot on. I could speak extensively about the hushpuppies, mac 'n' cheese, or fries, but instead I will say that I am most pleased by the pickled onion. Genius.Their barbecue chicken is great too, and as much as I philosophically disagree with Texas brisket, they do that well too. If you like barbecue, you can't do better in Charlotte than Midwood.
Beware of this supply store! We bought several items from this place and after a month's use, it was no longer usable. The item had broken. In hopes of getting a new one, we returned to the store, but they refused to take it back. This includes spa chairs and the drills.
This place is HORRIBLE! the employees DENICE! LIBBY! And the rest that sits in front are rude they are liars I applied for a 3 bedroom at the liberty village it took them 4days to tell me I'm approved once I found out I paid full deposits to a unit denice pulled up from there onsite manager that STATED this unit on this paper are ready to be rented! (LIES!) MIND YOU I PAYED MY DEPOSIT 2WEEKS BEFORE MY MOVE IN DATE on the day to pick up my keys denice stated we CAN NOT DO A WALK THROUGH AND HAD US PROMISE NOT TO ENTER THE UNIT UNTIL AFTER 5PM  um No I paid and its my move n date long story short we went to the unit to find a lady cleaning it food all over counter the carpet OMG! disgusting THE KITCHEN TILE RIPPED UP OFF THE FLOOR!..SMH  I got into the office and these ladies had the audacity to have a attitude I wish I never ever applied for this place please I MEAN PLEASE! DO NOT LIVE HERE UR MONEY DESERVES SOME PLACE BETTER WITH respectable STAFF AND A CLEAN DECENT HOME FOR UR FAMILY I AM TRYING TO BREAK.MY LEASE NOW! THIS IS NO PLACE FOR YOUR FAMILY
Love this bar! When my friends and I found this place we immediately loved the atmosphere and the superior service.  We ordered bottle service and it was top notch! Another wonderful feature is that you are allowed to go between Noir and LAX at your leisure.  The best of both worlds!  The environment is chill and relaxed which we loved and the people that we met there were interesting and very sweet.  Its not your typical Vegas venue which was attracted me to the place to begin with.  We felt right at home here and the drinks are amazing... You must indulge.  Thank you to Ebony, Jaysen, and everyone who helped to make both our visits to Noir spectacular.  One word of warning... It isn't an easy place to get into and they are happy to keep it that way but if you are fortunate enough to get in your experience will be like no other. One other truely amazing touch was the "hand written" Thank you card that I recieved in the mail from the staff thanking me and hoping to see us again soon.  I mean come on does this ever happen??? I was truely amazed with the quality of service!
I came today for the first time and I loveeeeeee it. The food and the coffee were delicious. Really nice and fast service too. I'll definitely go back soon.
It's way to dark inside. The food is not that good to cost that much. One of the plates that we ordered was so salty we couldn't even eat it. At least we have a nice server.
The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries is AWESOME! So much flavor and very filling. My husband and I decided to share a burger because we wanted to try so many appetizers. Nothing was disappointing. The chicken is fried pieces with a dipping sauce (if you are from Hawaii, similar to Mitzuken or Sugoi's). A must try is the the Pork Belly steamed buns. I was craving this on the plane ride home. We had to try the Shogun Burger, a $25.00 burger but it was soooo gooood! It has Foie Gras, Unagi and although that may not sound like it would be good together, it was GREAT!
I tried this place based on other yelp reviews and I am glad I did! In a strip mall just past the Wynn Hotel, it is easily missed as somewhere to try but, stop in and try their food. $2.00 street style taco's so full of meat. We tried the carne asada and the spicy pork, both were so flavorful. We also ordered the carne asada fries, man this could feed a whole family. $10.00 but worth it. You will be sharing. Fresh food, made on the spot. Friendly, friendly service! It is seems to always be busy but the lines move very quickly so don't let the crowd deter you. Everything had so much flavor!
We came with a group and there were at least 20 of us. I asked about a specific roll because I am allergic to shrimp and crab. Not only did she double check, she would warn me each time she place a dish down that had either shrimp or crab. With so many people ordering, that was really going above and beyond. The food quality is very good. I was a little nervous going into an AYCE but it was really fresh. Everyone was happy with the food.There was not a bad dish on the table. I will definitely be back on my next visit to Las Vegas. Thank you Island Sushi and Grill!
I don't get why this place is still open ??? Damn thieves. I feel like going just so they can try me , like plsssssss try & go through my purse to steal my money cause Im dragging a bitch. & no security cameras so it's a win win.
I am going to try to make the long story short, after the work was completed, I started to noticed that we have white bubble showing on the floor (where our Van tire rest on where parked) I called Tim and he came to look at it, he had his people come back and took care of it, they came back with an attitude now after 6 month it looked like it came back again. I have had the garage floor epoxy done at our two previous home (done by others) and never saw this before. In addition, there were a lot of areas missed and they did not used Poly on the stem walls at first, with my complaint, they came back and took care of the wall stem, I will give them that. Their salesman Matthew didn't talk to me nice, so be careful with him as well.
It was my first time going there today because I didn't like the services from Great Clips on North Durango and also was close to my house, boy it was worth it, I get uncomfortable when I go to any haircut places because of too many eyes ha anyway, I had Jessica and she was amazing, made me felt comfortable and helped me feel calm &  relax by chatting with me, she did a great job with my hair and couldn't be happier.
This was our first time at Hanabi restaurant and we were very disappointed with their services.  Their foods however was very good but we had to wait for a very long time for the foods to arrive,  a little later that evening either the owner or the manager came over to us and showed his concerned to make sure we were okay,  I did tell him that it was unusual to wait so long for the foods.  My son did not get a straw with his drinks.  We were there on Tuesday evening around 7 pm so it was even crowded, and because it took a long time to get out foods,  we didn't get out of there close to 9 pm.  If had their services was great they would have gotten 5 stars.  We will unlikely be going back again.  Since it was my wife's birthday,  they didn't have any candles and yes we know it is not the restaurant's responsibility but it would have been nice if they had candles as well.
We joined 24 hour fitness because Costco had a special 2 year membership prices going on, I was very skeptical about joining because I didn't have good experience while as a member back in 2002 (at a different location) anyway, you would think because this was a 24 hour fitness super sports, it would be more classier than the regular 24 hour fitness, and boy I was wrong. the place is NOT kept clean and all the weights and bars was disorganized, I couldn't find some dumbbells that was missing, all the weights was either on the floor or still on the barbell instead of being on the rack (where it belong) This fitness center is definitely due for reno soon, you can tell it is so worn down. Anyway, you would think they would hire a young helper to follow behind someone that refuses to put the weights and dumbbells back on the racks but no, their attitude is like "we don't care". We will soon be moving to northwest Vegas and the nearest 24 hour fitness will be at Centennial Hills, I hope it will be at least little more classier than this one, by the way, that place is also 24 hour super sports, which to me means nothing, yea yea they got a pool and racquetball club which I don't use but come on, at least put an effort to keep the place well organized!!!!!I want to add that I start my work out at 4 am in the mornings, I always expected it to be clean at the start of the day.
They are the BEST in business, I drive over 30 miles just to have them service our Honda Van. I wouldn't  go anywhere else because I only trust R & R, very honest people. Their prices is also very reasonable, I have saved thousands.
Find this on my way home, the portions are huge, I can't finish one lunch special by myself, I had a lunch combo, which is beef with broccoli with fried rice and chow menu noodle. With the lunch combo, you get a 24 oz drink and 2 egg rolls too. The staffs are nice too, they give me the soup too even it says the soup is for dining in only, they let me take it to go. Besides the big portion, the food there are made to order, I can add spicy as the way I like. I will definitely be back.
Everything sounded good in the menu. Took 8 minutes to finally decide, but I can say the sourdough cheeseburger was a solid choice. The pizza was perfect as well. Crispy crust, unburnt and not too greasy even with all the meat on it.
Everything I've had so far has been great. Not sure about the other reviews, but I was pleased with the food and the price as well. Maybe people had too high of hopes or expected Abuelo's or something. But I have been consistently going back here to eat. Way better than Filbertos and less greasy. It doesn't leave that gross feeling in your stomach like other places do
Great Sandwiches, definitely get what you pay for,  Quality. Large Philly is perfect, half for lunch and half for dinner.
Alan is a great guy, who makes great food. The best white meat chicken, cooked in canola oil, can't get much better than that. The special sauce is pretty great, I have yet to try anything else, its really that good. Al is always down to shoot the shit and makes sure his customers are taken care of, can't say enough good things about this place. As always, you get what you pay for.
Every time I go in, I'm always impressed with the wealth of knowledge everyone has. Do your homework on a gun before you go in and you can have a great conversation with any of them. Always steering me in the right direction.
Hopefully the post of them being bought out is true and maybe cleaned up a little. The previous guys were clowns, maybe I just got a bad salesman, but they were the definition of your friend up until you sign the papers, then they forget about you. Customer service,  what customer service?
Everything you eat there is great, beer selection is good, this one is way bigger and less bougie than the Tempe one. More of an open feel than a locals only crowd. The Banoffie is an excellent choice for dessert.
Hillside has a very relaxed atmosphere, with good food and a respectable beer selection. Im definitely going to go back and try out other meals. The pulled pork was a solid choice. I think some reviewers just like to complain, try it for yourself and form your own opinion.
I Have been going to Supercuts all my life for a haircut and didn't realize what I was missing out on! I'm so glad my friend recommended this salon and to make it even better I was recommended to go to Tim. And it was not a disappointment at all. If you cannot find anyone to cut your hair seamlessly (especially with if you have difficult naturally wavy frizzy thick hair) don't even think twice about coming to Tim. If you also need to vent about your life he is an amazing person to let it all out on lol. He listens and will never judge you! (Which im sure even if he wanted to he stops himself ha) anywyas. Amazing haircut (everytime) always consistent unlike other places.
The modern/park house is not the luxury condo they say they are. I'm currently still living at the modern and I cannot wait to move out!!!
Service department did a fine job freeing my key from the trunk (my bad).  But I wouldn't have had to had the car towed to the dealer if the dealership had provided me the second key as promised.  For the second time (last was 6/16), service department is of no help getting that key.
Make sure you get all your keys. 10 months and still waiting! They didn't have it when car delivered and I was told it was ordered, but never heard. First service and department was great but keys are not something they can help with.
I found the location a bit difficult to find (probably because there are so many small businesses on Spring Mountain--they are just west of 15), but nice clean shop. They quickly identified my laptop keyboard problem and fixed it on the spot for a very good price. I was out in less than 20 minutes. I highly recommend.
Called this morning for an outdoor faucet leak. I got a call in time to be home to meet the plumber. The repair was made at a reasonable cost the same day. Highly recommended.
We LOVE El Tataki Sushi and Mexican Grill.   Best sushi we've found in the west valley.   Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!
Went to the store at 9:42 p.m. they close the inside at 10 posted they were locking the door as I walk to the door they saw me pull up walk to and they lock the door I asked why are they closing they said they were only girls there and then a male employee comes from the back it said use the drive-thru is 18 minutes before the supposed to close the inside I don't trust the store the management of KFC stinks in Las Vegas wouldn't need a KFC when they're done cooking early they're just more worried about getting up and taking care of their business
The most secure and comfortable I've ever felt about a dentist and the care and the treatment I received they also were very considerate of my financial situation to work the solution and to help me with my needs for a great smile and my teeth cleaning was very comfortable not painful at all pain management in the care that they take is really appreciative so thumbs up to everyone there
Crappy credit and I got financed they can do it for you and at a great rate I mean really great
I order pizza in 1 slice got 4 pieces of sausage and one mushroom too much too little piece of mushroom what a rip off
I hate to say it but I'm going to have to give it  an. ,,, A.. the Carnitas asada was cooked to Perfection the beans and rice were awesome guacamole with freshest not pre-made somewhere else and shipped in,,,, fresh avocados,, a very good mix salsa mild was awesome chips fresh not greasy good work staff will be coming back here!!!!!!.
I went to the store at 9:30 what is an 8 piece meal they were closing the store an hour before they couldn't even give me an eight-piece meal they didn't have enough prepared totally unprofessional totally ridiculous
really good sandwich but they need to do in Las Vegas you need to have hours that are open laterthis is a24 hour town
How the heck can you run out of bread as a McDonald's run out of burgers I've never seen such a mismanaged such a ill-fated run shop it's like a tire shop saying we ain't got no tires I understand you may be running out of one item but the bread the main thing on a Saturday night at 7 o'clock they need to fire whoever runs this place and the district manager to because he's not smart enough to go to another store and bring that store some bread
Awesome job and we had all kind of stains ,,,,alot from dogs ...great job jjj they kept in touch they were on time they were fast and a very professional job I will definitely use them again I could recommend them to anybody next day service by the way to
Where do I start the soup very Bland no taste.... and broccoli slaw is not chat broccoli salad broccoli slaw is broccoli slaw you call it salad but it still is slaw turkey avocado Club very weak on the lettuce and the fries rubber
They're slices are made with fresh ingredients cook perfectly the bartender was sweet,,, excellent great conversation.. a definite stop for a great slice of pizza and a drink great atmosphere and really really clean bathroom kudos for that
The dentist there was great had a root canal 5 hours ago and I feel great it went well it was painless and I was comfortable forget the work that's all you can ask for
Very average.  Cheese and crackers upon arrival was nonsense but the French Onion Soup was good.  The pre meal salad was weird.  They brought a plate of lettuce with a side of vegetables and a pot of dressing.  This was unnecessarily complex.  I could understand if they brought an array of exotic veggies that people wouldn't like, but it was staples like cucumber, onion and peppers.  The Ribeye steak was well cooked but non nondescript.  Half price wine night was the highlight, and the only reason it got 3 stars.Better than an OutBack, worse than a prime steakhouse.
Outstanding! After a rocky start with our reservation confused they made up for it in spades...very professional. Will, our range instructor, was fantastic. All the girls were lovely. We'll be back for sure. I recommend it for a fun afternoon and an opportunity  to do something you'll never otherwise get a chance to do. Excellent!
Gr8 piercer...Tony...experienced..knowledgeable. ...Awesomeness..would recommend without hesitation..cleaniness is superb...
I've been going to Be Fabulous for two years now for all my brazilian waxing and did NOT find anywhere else better than here. Laura uses hard wax here which is way better than the regular wax, which I do find is less painful. She is so professional and good at what she does, I'm really gald I have found this place. The price is very fair for the product and service and have recommended all my friends here.
Hands down one of the best gelato spots I have been to in Las Vegas. Their Coco chili gelato is beyond amazing it definitely has the perfect kick to it. I recommend this to all the chocolate lovers (:
BEWARE - Having a Home Warranty with Choice is like having a contract written on toilet paper which provides Choice more material to wipe their bottom with when you call for a claim.   I have had 2 issues (dishwasher & water heater) and Choice has cited it will not cover dishwasher because of 'pre-existing condition' and that they are not responsible for leaks in water heaters.  I just moved into this house so what would break that isn't a pre-existing condition?!?       I recommend you exercise your CHOICE and go with a different company.
The worst part of every month is having to come here to deposit rent in this miserable place. Always a long line. Always not enough tellers. It takes at least an hour to deposit my rent every month. If I could somewhere else I most definitely would. I would never bank here. Chase is way better.
So glad I found this place only right down the street from me. Their prices are a whole lot more reasonable than the competition in the area and they hook it up! If you're looking for a friendly local auto shop this is it!
I came here for a 4 piece meal and I got 3 pieces and this thing on the side. I ordered corn and I got flour. There was no line and I can see why now.
Came here for biopsy and routine head to toe. I was surprised and also sort of relieved to find that he also trains medical students at his clinic! I think this means he's on his game with current medicine. Some of the students evaluated me and before I knew it I was already being injected with a numbing agent under mole. The students were very knowledgeable and they told me what kind of mole it was and how they know if it's benign or not. Dr. Schreiber came in and performed the procedure quickly and moved on to the head to toe exam. He joked around some and we talked a little. He also recommended some change in lifestyles as I'm pretty fair skinned. Not sure what all the fuss was about in some of these other reviews. The doctor is usually the one that prescribes the treatment, not the patient.
Whatever they get the job done but they take effin' forever. Expect a visit here to take up a majority of your day regardless of appointment time.
This place is a joke. The staff is incompetent and unprofessional. As I type this I'm on a 3 hour wait for a follow up appointment I made 4 days ago all because one of the front desk ladies thought I left and took me off the sheet. I was just around the corner in her blind spot!! People who came after me started to get called in front of me before I had to raise a fit. Once I did it was my fault completely according to them. I waited 2 hours to get into an office and 1 hour for a doctor to come in and ask if everything is alright. Of course they understaff their doctors and of course one of the doctors just gets off their shift just as soon as they "get swamped". Keep in mind that I came before the rush but was made to stay through the rush all because one of their incompetent staff thought i came in just to say I'm here for my 2 o clock then leave immediately after. This place isn't worth it. Use your primary care over this dump at all costs.
Waited over an hour only to realize there's a second line inside. There was maybe only 20-30 people in from of me but it took 2-3 hours. Maybe people don't realize what it's like in other states but it's pretty ridiculous to not try and figure out how to streamline your process. I have plenty of strip retail experience and I'm from here so I'm well aware that you can handle large populations of customers effectively. I never had to wait over 10 minutes for both Oregon and Colorado. Medical patients get priority so they constant skip you in line and hold everything up. Sure, they are patients but, y'all need to shorten the story time and get people through. Worst customer service experience of the year due to wait times alone. Figure your sales process out. You get 2 stars because I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt. Your long wait times don't belong here in Vegas.
The BEST and most ROMANTIC restaurant ever.The courtyard was mostly lit with candles - I cannot describe how beautiful it is.  You will have to see for yourself.Very light easy-listening music playing in the background (not blaring and obtrusive like a lot of restaurants),Our waiter was Steven and he was delightful.  We also had a young man that cleared plates and was kind enough to take our photo.  So the staff was courteous and prompt and discreet.They saw that we were enjoying ourselves and  did not disturb at all.  Some places try to hustle patrons in and out quickly.The food was amazing.  The menu changes often so I can only comment on what we had:  Roasted Cauliflower Soup - I didn't think it sounded that good, but it was delicious.  Light and creamy and heavenly.Salad (not sure of the exact title) but the candied bacon was over the moon.Then a giant prawn - another winner.My boyfriend had the Chilean Sea Bass and it was buttery and luscious.I had the filet and it was cooked exactly right.We also had the rum cake for dessert - oh my goodness.  I wish I had a larger vocabulary to describe just how fantastic the food was.We both had a glass of Malbec and it was spectacular - very, very smooth.If you go to Scottsdale with your significant other please do yourself a favor and make reservations for this place.  It is pricey, but so worth it.
My boyfriend and I shared a Popper Burger and Spinach salad.  It was one of the best burgers I have ever had.  The fries were good - but the burger was outstanding.  The salad was also top notch.It was crowded so we had to sit at the bar - but that ended up being OK.The burger was perfectly cooked (medium) and loaded with cream cheese.  Melted cheddar on top of that.  Deep fried jalapenos on top of that.  It was loaded and luscious.  The salad was huge - plenty of strawberries, goat cheese and pecans.  I wish I lived in Scottsdale because I would definitely return.
This was my second time having a sandwich from a Potbelly Sandwich Shop.  I ordered a Classic Turkey Breast & Swiss on a "Big".  I wanted everything on there but I don't think they put the pickles on. Other than that the flavor of the sandwich was delicious.  I ordered through uber eats so it wasn't as good as it would have been because it was just a little cooled off but it was still really good.
AMAZING! Great food - octopus and bucatini were outstanding. Toffee cake is a must...one of the best desserts I've ever had. Cozy small restaurant with great service - I would highly recommend!
My husband and I chose this place for brunch while on vacation based on the great reviews...but it was very disappointing. The service was terrible - we sat at the bar but the bartenders were more concerned about doing dishes than helping customers. The food also took a long time to arrive once ordered. For a place called hash kitchen, the hash was underwhelming - it was dry and lacked flavor. Worst of all - I ordered a virgin Bloody Mary (since I'm pregnant) and received a normal one. This is a place you can skip!
Wild Flour did the cake for my wedding and it was fantastic - I would definitely recommend them.  In my mind the number one priority for a wedding cake is it must taste good. Why pay for a professional cake that people won't want to eat? I've been to too many weddings that featured a freakishly overdecorated sideshow they called a cake but you couldn't have choked it down if your life depended on it. Wild Flour definitely delivered a delicious cake that was decorated beautifully, just as we had discussed. In addition, they were always professional, provided helpful advice and never tried to upsell me.  Two other things I really appreciate about them is their prices are reasonable and they coordinated everything with the venue so I didn't have to worry about it. One thing to keep in mind is their buttercream frosting has sort of a marshmallowy flavor - I don't love marshmallow but it was still very good.
This review is a form of mourning for me because Sweet Melissa's has so much potential. The decor is fun; the menu is chock full of items that sound exactly like what I want to eat. For some reason, though, I'm never wowed with the food. It's always just good, not great, like they know how to make a delicious meal but are cutting corners or something and hedging their bets that you won't notice. The service is also slow in general but the last time I was there this sweet little blonde woman was our waitress and she was an exception. Their desserts, however - cakes by the slice, cookies, scones - are awesome and some of them are even vegan or gluten free. It's also really noisy inside since it's one giant room filled with all hard surfaces.
If you love deep dish, Guys Pizza will be one of your favorite take-outs. I've never eaten there - it looks weird. And I can only speak for the deep dish - it's fantastic so I may never try the regular. Ever. Up to four toppings (fillings?) of your choice then take it home and indulge in the salty, saucy decadence in your jammies while catching up on your favorite shows on Hulu. They probably deliver but it's like a block from my house so I've never tried that but the staff inside is super friendly and low-key. I'm not going to be able to recommend the regular wings, however - we've tried them twice and both times the sauce doesn't even stick to them, which is weird and off-putting. The boneless wings are pretty good.
I got take out specialty pizzas and salads from here the other day for a small group.  The girl who took my order over the phone was sort of underwhelming and it's sort of weird that you order at a register but the pizza was very good. I'll definitely get it again.
This small, super cute boutique was by far the best bridal shop I dealt with while planning my wedding. I had purchased my dress from a different shop in Philadelphia and I was desperately looking for someone else to alter my dress.  A Bride's Design came to the rescue; they did a fantastic job and worked within my short timetable. The also have some great options for accessories like jewelry and veils and the line of bridal shoes they carry are surprisingly comfortable.It's a small shop in the front of a historic Avon house (you park in the driveway) so they don't have a ton of inventory but what they have is high quality and reasonably priced. They carry a few designers as well and have their own line of dresses.  They also custom-make dresses.  The owner is so sweet and so helpful. I definitely recommend this place.
I really love going to this place.First off, it meets my top three criteria for a pleasurable dining experience: clean, good service and good food. The inside is small with a bar running down one side and tables down the other. They also have a nice patio area.  Right now Rocky River has the whole street torn up which detracts from the ambiance but i'd say their outside seating area is very pleasant regardless of the construction around it.Their menu is limited but everything I've had has been good. The onion soup and stuffed dates are both very decadent. If you like duck and figs, the duck tartine is a very tasty. Also they have this one cocktail called the Lemon Ginger Sour that I dream about. This place has an upscale bistro vibe but is still very comfortable; the waitstaff is friendly and attentive but has never been pushy or tried to rush us.I've never had to wait for a table but I'm not sure if I ever went on a weekend so you might want to make a reservation, especially if your party is larger than 2.
The West Side Market is so awesome! It's a great place to wander around for an hour or two and have a snack or lunch and pick up some groceries. There are some prepared foods but it's mostly produce, meats and pastries. Here are some of my favorite stands: Crepes De Luxe is awesome and so is the little coffee stand next to it. I also love the empanadas from Orale and the pita chips from Judy's Oasis. If you like bratwurst, you must try the bratwurst and sauerkraut sandwich at Frank's. For fish, got to Kate's. Heed my advice and plan ahead to pay in cash - it's just easier. Also, a warning: In the fruit & vegetable arcade, check the quality of the produce in your bag before you leave because some of the stands try to offload bruised stuff.
Thank you, Souper Market, for making CLE+ proud. It's easily the best place to buy soup on the West Side, if not the whole region. This place is no frills: just soup and salads, but GEEZE is it delicious. Always super fresh food, the staff is great and the service is super fast. The seating area is pretty small; I think a lot of their business is takeout. I must admit I'm not a huge fan of their chicken noodle but out of the 10+ other kinds of soup I've had over the past two years, they were all fantastic. The selection changes frequently but some of my favorites are mushroom miso, crab gazpacho, pumpkin bisque, beer cheese and OF COURSE, chicken paprikash. Plus  I could eat the asparagus or greek salad every day - their homemade dressings are to die for. Quick Tip #1: If you're planning to try a new soup but aren't sure you'll like it, ask to taste it first!Quick Tip #2: There are always vegetarian, vegan, dairy-free and gluten-free options.
I've used Gatherings a number of times to cater lunches with clients.  They have a variety of sandwiches, salads and desserts to choose from that work out great for lunch.  I want to give them five stars because the food is AMAZING.  People love it and that makes me look good which in turn makes me very happy.  I do have some qualms, however, that prevent me from using them more often: 1) They generally charge about $15/person which is a little steep, in my opinion.  2) There's a delivery charge if you're not on the West Side. They do have other services they offer but I've only used them for lunch catering. If you book a lunch with them, whoever you're feeding will be impressed but it's going to cost you a little extra.
This is a little family operated, hole-in-the-wall place in a strip mall. We've been coming here for several years. We always get the traditional gyro with the side Greek salad. It's always outstanding. I'm sure it's the best Greek food in Las Vegas but I really wouldn't know since we never go anywhere else.
We tried this place for Sunday breakfast. It was a total disaster. Service was slow and not very friendly. My wife wanted hot tea but they don't have hot tea. She had a tea bag so just asked for a cup of hot water. We had to ask 3 times just to get the water. Finally got our food and were very disappointed. The sausage tasted terrible. The toast was dry Texas toast with no butter. My wife visited the women's restroom and said it was disgusting. It obviously hadn't been cleaned from the night before.  Only one stall was even useable because of filth. We definitely won't return.
Another Chef Marvin's genius creation. Eating here is like seeing God in the food. The speed and execution is unparalleled. Service is impeccable. Must visit when you are in LV.
Had a enjoyable lunch with my wife and 5yr old son. Was very quiet which really added to the experience.  Didn't feel rushed and service was attentive, very friendly and on point all around. Spicy Roll combo and Udon combo lunch special is what we all had. Portions were a good, flavors & freshness def there as well.  Only critic would be the construction and plate presentation. A couple of rolls did come apart while tryn to eat and the rice may have been a tad on the stickier side because separating each roll was difficult at times. Overall, def a great option for sushi in the area. Will be back for sure A+
Great atmosphere. Clean & spacious with many Tv's. Our server, Alie, was prompt and very personable. Had the wings, Mexican fries and ceasar salad. All very good with very generous portions. The wings are super huge...will try the more popular flavors next time as the ones our party ordered were just alright.Excellent!!
A place that is run by & geared toward teens. If all you need is a  decent fade, then alright. Otherwise, go elsewhere for a more professional experience.
With the stellar reviews & my love for JA food, I could not pass up a visit to CJCB. A very comfortable, clean & welcoming atmosphere. Prices are a tad higher than avg but totally worth it imho. I Really Really enjoyed the Jerk Chicken Shawarma Poutine..I mean REALLY!! Thumbs up as well for the Jerk Chicken meal with the added veg & fried plantain which nicely rounded out the overall flavour profile of the dish. I would prefer a little added spice/heat but that's what their in-house hot sauce is for I guess. When you add the extremely friendly, beautiful & speedy service...You have a winning combination. Well done team CJCB!! A++ Just be sure your next location is in MarkhamWill definitely be back to try their Fish, Oxtail & Goat dishes.
Sadly, the Amazing Fresh Spring Rolls are no longer amazing Our last few visits there have confirmed this unfortunate fact. Oh well.
My son and I tried the Canadian Burger and it was one of the best burgers we've ever had, top 5 easy. Perfect bun, thin but strong enough to keep all the yummy goodness together. Toppings were super fresh and the lettuce nicely chopped "julienne like" to keep the peace with the tomatoes, pickles, pemeal bacon and juicy beef. WOW!A really tasty burgerWell done!!
Growing my hair & just needed a fade to keep things nice & tidy. Drive past this place quite often & the reviews seemed good enough to give it a shot. Made an appt online with Karl for the following day. Arrived 5min before my scheduled time & Karl was ready.  Quickly explained what I as looking for, showed him a couple of photos to give him a mental picture & off he went. We chatted at times about the shop and how business was going since their opening in April of this year. Seems like they have a cult following since every chair was always filled with a steady flow of patrons during my 40min stay. Karl is very talented and I really liked my fade. As for the esthetics, the place was comfortable enough. I didn't have a chance to see the back room with the pool table but it is a nice addition especially for any over flow from the waiting area out front. Some areas to improve on if the RF team is interested:Cleanliness -  Having an xlarge garbage bin in the main cutting area filled with hair etc is a negative. Having power cords dangling down walls etc. is a negative. Having the front desk open for patrons to see all the wires, papers, tools, product etc is a negative. Having the floor 80% covered with hair at any given time is a negative (it may be busy but it takes 1min after each client) I didn't use the washrooms but it could be much of the same. I guess I am of a diff gen I suppose, one who is accustomed to somewhat more refined & polished establishments such a Palour, Lola, Cowlick Yyz & esp A Rockafellas Social Club to name a few.All else being equal, you guys do have a winning team & formula. Much success
Stopped in with my wife for lunch since the reviews looked decent. Very nice interior space, not what I would expect for the area. Service was friendly, prompt and attentive. Great value with their numerous lunch specials. Ultra clean & not kid friendly however. One of the better sushi places I've been to in Markham.
Great experience. Food is good and priced accordingly. Would like to see homemade tartar sauce. The packets are basically mayo. Tonnes of fries with your order. We'll be back for sure!!
Was in the area and needed some food. It was 5 min away and the reviews looked stellar so my wife and I headed over.  Easy to find and easy to order, staff is super friendly. There is 15-20 min wait, depending on your order, because everything is made per order. Definitely, more than worth the wait.  We ordered the quarter chicken with potatoes and Ceasar salad...and the Chicken sandwich combo (fries/drink) Bottom line, everything was awesome!! Best Chicken & Salad we've had in the GTA. Amazingly TASTY & FULL flavours with homemade  piri-piri sauce to die for. Our new GoTo place for Portuguese Chicken, A++
Came in on a Wed evening around 930pm to a half full restaurant. Was greeted and seated promptly. Our server was great all around. The wings were alright...rather small portions, nothing special really. We seriously questioned if the 2 Ceasar's & Rye/Coke had any alcohol in them. The Ceasar's Salad was really good however, lol. Go figure...the best thing at this wing joint was the Salad lmao.
Has been on my hit list for some time. Popped in with my son, who had the Nemo (Smoked Salmon) while I tried the Philly Cheese Steak.  Both were put together extremely well and efficiently..they got the entire prep & customer experience down pat. Very friendly & helpful staff. Crepe's were extremely tasty and a novel experience all around. We'll done
Big changes. My last couple of visits to Amir where not up to the standards he set during my first several visits.  For that reason I decided to visit my good friends in downtown Toronto @ A Rockafellas Social Club. They are top shelf stylists/artists which will aways be first choice for hair care. Unfortunatley, the distance (I live in Stouffville) & my busy sched ( yoing kids & own business)makes it diff to see them. So I went back to The Barber Shop to give Amir another shot. To my surprise, he was no longer there. I read another review that recommended Eddie, so I booked in with him. Excellent cut & overall experience from start to finish. He's the New MAN to see there. Keep it up!
A late review from last year. We took advantage of YELP's Burger Binge Event and tried their $14 burger for only $5. All really, really good burger that is worth the regularly steep price but we made out like bandits that day.
Nicely kept place & the owner is friendly. Exceptional fade but I could do without the oily spray post cut. Was hoping for some scissor work on top, just to thin it out, but they don't seem well versed/comfortable using shears. If you have the type of hair that can be cut with only electric clippers this is the place. Otherwise try elsewhere.
First time there with a couple friends and the first thing that jumped out to me was how OLD the decor and asthetics of the place looked. Our waiter was very friendly, attentive and prompt so all good there. The food however, was a big negative. The steak along with the mash and veggies were bland and over prepared. Same went for my wife's seafood dish, bland and over prepared. We still enjoyed ourselves and again our waiter was excellent. Sadly, because the food was a huge miss...I won't be coming back and will advise others to go elsewhere.
Great Location and interior space. Atmosphere is laid back, friendly and so welcoming. Food is simply Fantastic, esp the Khao Soi! Best bang for your buck in the area. Summertime drink specials are a definite must try*
Tried the Smokehouse burger during Burger Binge week. For $5 it was a really good burger (Reg $14). I wasn't a real fan of the bbq sauce but everything was real fresh with a substantially large & good quality patty. A nice place on Main St.
Have driven past this place many times snd finally decided to get some lunch while my car was being tended to next door. It was a very early lunch & the place was empty except for a few ppl waiting for take out. We got the pulled pork sandwich & 3 bone lunch combo. The Pork & Ribs were really nicely flavored and prepared very well. The Fries reminded me of Costco fries but I've always liked them so. The coleslaw & beans were decent, not really a huge fan to begin with so. The corn bread was a negative however, too dense and grainy. Both of us really enjoyed our entire meal otherwise and will definitely be back to try their other offerings.
Been here a handful of times but 1st time reviewing. Located near the corner of a plaza at 16th & Woodbine Ave. The asthetics are pleasant, clean & the service is exceptionally prompt & friendly. The menu is Fresh & straight forward with some interesting additions/combinations not usually seen in other Sushi/Ramen places. Prices are on the higher side of avg but it's worth it. I did, however, for my very first time have some Mackerel Row that was extremely "fishy" which later gave me slight indigestionAll in all, a recommended Sushi place when in the area
We ordered a smoked turkey for Thanksgiving and it was the best turkey we have ever had. I Highly recommend it. It was so easy, we just warmed it up for about an hour in the oven and it was ready to go. Everyone raved about it!
Place has been here since 1975 and is still one of the best in town. Service is great, food is great. My favorite is the rib-eye steak sandwich.
Caribou is the best chain coffee house hands down!
Place is a dump, empty boxes stacked chest high in the dimly light dinning area, service is very lacking. I don't think they have the a/c on or it's broke.Overall place looks very dirty, cook was going to town in the back but not sure for who.Need to find some good Chinese food somewhere around town! HELP!
Small place, seats about 30 ppl max. Have only had the hibachi steak but it is pretty darn good. I come here all the time for a good inexpensive meal. I guess I need to try some of their other meals pretty soon. It's never crowded when I come here usually about 4 to 5 people.
This place is not prepared for a decent weekend crowd. Food is taking FOREVER and the staff are in a disarray to say the least. This place is on my "STEER CLEAR" on the weekend list. Although the food is good....it's not THAT good.
Wings are good, oysters are really good. The one thing I have always disliked about Hooters in the uncomfortable chairs and stools, I hate them.
Worst food ever, soup was room temperature, steak tasted just nasty, and had some type of liquid seasoning poured on it. Items on salad bar were old & dry.I've been here before and the food was pretty good, don't know what happened this time.
Went for St Patricks Day......Place was sooo unprepared. Service was awful, never even got my complete meal...fish n chips. Yep, only got fish.Waitress was so overwhelmed, like she had never been in the food service business before in her life. Took for ever to get a drink.They really need to start preparing for St Pats 2017.....TOMORROW.
Got a couple slices today, excellent pizza as close to NYC as you could get without being there. I will go back for sure!
Good place to see a show, concessions are way over priced.
Fried rice is good, customer service is a little lack luster.
The most awesome drive-in ever! Everything is good, from burgers to onion rings to trout. You can't go wrong. This place has been here since the 50's and it never disappoints.
Excellent home cooking, huge portions and great prices. Wish they had fried okra. We do lunch here a lot.Staff is very friendly & make you feel at home.
Nice place to grab some raw, dead fish.
Not much taste in their food. Steak tasted like in was soaking in water, queso dip tasted like paper. Had the steak quesadilla, tortilla had the most flavor of anything.
Well.... mediocre at best. Saw the guy dumping a large bag of frozen carrots into the cooker, so I figured the rest of the food came out of the freezer or can also.I love hibachi steak but I definitely will not try it here again.
Haven't eaten Domino's in years, I must say they have definitely stepped up their game in the pizza market. I've eaten pizza in Chicago and New York and I must say this is a very good pizza.Ordered the thin crust pepperoni and mushroom pie and it was awesome. Crust was light and crispy, cheese was perfect and there was an excellent amount of pepperoni and mushroom covering the pizza.
Nice place kinda log cabinish, indoor & outdoor seating, lots of tv's, wasn't very impressed with the menu choices. Staff seemed nice & friendly.The need a menu revamp.
It's fun to take low-fat yogurt and dump 5000 calories worth of candy and junk on top of it?
This place is down-right dangerous! I could eat here just about everyday. The service is great and super fast, staff is awesome.Just get there before 12:30 to beat the lunch crowd.
Love this place! Menu has great choices and food is wonderful. Staff are very friendly.
Not impressed at all, tried 5 different flavors- 3 med & 2 hot. Neither had any hint of heat, very disappointed in the place. I will stick to BWW.Other than the wings the SW eggrolls were really good.
OMG! You have got to be kidding me! This place is a disgrace. The pizza was a greasy piece of rubber. No flavor what so ever. I hope I don't get sick from the cheesecake. The brownie tasted like stale DIRT! The driver looked like he was homeless and on drugs. HORRIBLE! 1 star because 0 stars isn't an option.
Best sushi in town.  Been here at least 20 times.  Never a disappointment.  Timson Lee is a fantastic sushi maker.  Funny and friendly.  Highly recommend the Beef Chow Fun.  All the food is fantastic.  Best California rolls!
Beautiful resort,  pet friendly and office friendly,  clean,  and quiet! Highly recommend! Visit nearby Fountain Hills and the casino for fantastic food and fun all year round. Beautiful views of the mountains.  Dog park, computer center,  library,  pool table,  TV,  beautiful laundry room,  nice workout gym,  heated pool and Jacuzzi,  complimentary coffee and donuts every morning,  great hiking and walking trails, rv storage across the street, friendly office staff,  tennis, horse shoe pit,  basketball courts,  picnic area and propane BBQ for eagle view customers,  lots of wild horses,  cows,  javelina and roadrunners often seen throughout the area. Phenomenal office staff. Best in AZ! Plus an excellent business serving the customers of Eagle View Rv Resort.  Call Diversified Rv Care for tank cleaning,  repairs,  spot free wash and wax, plumbing & electrical. 623-329-8533
Looking for an expert in gray hair? I'd like that blend it, or make the gray and nice blond tone so as it grays, it blends. Please send me pics as examples. Thanks.
Excellent service but very expensive. I don't think I would go back again. You have to prepay so if you don't like the outcome, you have to deal with it. Also, you get your item back a week or two later depending on what you need done.
I'm sorry but having someone serve me a sample is just plain annoying.  I am a big girl and can handle my own samples.  I've never felt so unwelcome. It was like my presence was an annoyance rather than an enjoyable experience.  I've never had to have my sample given to me.  Not even in Scottsdale.
Average food,  high cost,  have to pay for chips and salsa which is free at most restaurants.  I'd recommend a different place.  The waitress was slow and seemed to lack common sense waitress wise like refills,  etc.  Really need waitresses that know people need drink Refills and possibly other needs during dinner.  It wasn't even busy on the day we went.  ***High prices to have to pay to constantly have to try and get the waitresses attention***
Friendly waitress but slow service,  never got a Refill on our drinks,  dry meatballs,  small salad.  Def would not spend money here again. High prices to pay to get out tea refill for even a second glass of tea.  Waitress salad was huge and enough for two.  It was small.  Make your chicken Parmesan at home and you get better for your money.*waitress was friendly but inattentive. Checking back occasionally would be nice.  Someone else delivered food so we never saw the waitress between the order and the ticket.
Patricia did a great job and explained everything in detail.  She had us up and running with a new phone in a short period of time. Ignore previous reviews about her.  She's a fantastic employee and has been there 3 years.  I would definitely buy from her again. Thanks again.
Excellent Mexican food.  Very filling.  Always fresh.  Pico degallo is best I've had.  I could eat cups full. Delicious.  Fresh.  Try their $6 menu. Eat here and always delicious.
Great food,  went here a handful of times.  Everything was delicious until last time. Salad wasn't fresh.  Everything else was delicious including dessert. Meatballs are excellent.  Pizza and calzones are the best we have had.  Quiet atmosphere.  Very small dining area so best to get there when not busy.  Amazing pizza!!!
The food was great!  When we walked in,  only one dark haired guy greeted us and I said it was our first time in to which he said nothing.  Then we ordered 3 salads,  4 meatballs,  one cheesy bread and one order of 4 canolis to go.  The order took about 25 mins to fill. We sat at an old card table that appeared to be in need of replacement.  Two chairs only so we grabbed another for our third person.  Leaving room only for two tables with one chair each.  Then we used the restroom which wasn't clean at although tp was provided.  While the same guy who took our order prepared our food another customer came in and stood probably five mins for the guy making the food to come out and give our order.  The customer left as no one came out to get his order.  Then we finally got our food brought out in plastic to go containers.  The salads were delicious in spite of the dry chicken.  All the dressing was in small individual servings that you had to open. The meatballs were fantastic and moist.  Best I've had.  The cheesy bread was also delicious.  The dining room was very small and I think it's geared towards pick up and take out mostly.  Not an enjoyable environment for dinner.  Great food. Though I would only get takeout.  When I eat in, I like real plates and silverware.  Also,  nice to get appetizer before main course instead of after.  Food was good.  One star for dining room experience.
Excellent food and service but rather expensive. Was very busy when we went.  Bar chairs uncomfortable. Waitress was excellent and kept good tabs on us though most were spending too much time chatting with people they obviously knew as opposed to waiting on people that may have had their first visit.  Waiting for her to stop talking to get her attention took quite long.
Kind and caring.  Love the front desk lady and that the doctor didn't try to talk me into unnecessary pet services.
Best service and food I have ever had in Fountain Hills. Food was amazing.  Waiter was fantastic.
We moved to the 'hood recently and wanted to find somewhere nearby to give our Akita a bath once in a while.  Here's what I learnt:- don't believe what other reviews quote, we paid $32 for less than an hour of self-wash & no dryer. That charge, in itself, will ensure we never go back.- be prepared for unhappy dogs on the grooming table in the same area as the tubs.- the ceramic tile tub (if working) is old and not in good shape.- only one unlabelled shampoo is available.- the very thin towels were nearly useless on a heavy coated dog.- the front sales people seemed very nervous around large dogs, which is really a strange hire for someone working in a dog-oriented environment.All in all, an unpleasant experience.
I liked the historical brand so was pleased to see this store but it was a bad experience.  The guy behind the cash (possibly the owner) mumbled and got aggravated when we asked to him repeat himself.  He was then obnoxious to the prepper who was clearly very new as she had a note card with the components.We thought our order included fries but didn't (so it really over-priced for just a burger), it took too long and the burger was dry.
Great pizza good pricing, however the place is the loud, meaning very noisy. You can't talk to your table mate. For take away there is nothing in place aside from standing in line and waiting to get to the cashier.  This seems to apply even if you call in your order.
Wow wow we wow! Kaia catered my baby shower and provided a dessert bar.  Everything was a huge hit.  I am not sure what my favorite was either the Banana Toffee Pound Cake, the Cream Cheese Sugar cookies, or the mini Key Lime Cheesecakes.  Or maybe it was the berry filled cake.  We had a big co-ed party and three days later everyone is still talking about how amazing all of the food was and the desserts.  Highly recommend, although conflicted, because I want to keep her to myself!
This Asian fusion place is so good I wish there were more locations especially in Tempe. The drive is worth it for the food and the cookies. The fried rice with jerk chicken and cheese quesadilla is what I recommend!
First time here with the family and the experience was great! The food was delicious as we came for breakfast and the atmosphere for the place was very home warming. When you first walk in it's a little store and then as you keep walking you will see the restaurant. The reason I didn't give 5 stars was only because it was cold throughout the whole place and while we were eating, but sure made it feel like Christmas was around the corner.
This Filipino joint has grown down since they changed from Manila sunrise. The Filipino vibe is gone since the place seems like an American cafe. What I mean by Filipino vibe is the culture with decorations making you feel like you're in the Philippines and watching the TFC channel on tv. The food is always good and recommend it as well as the service but the atmosphere is slowly decreasing.
These guys did an excellent job repairing my iPhone 6 Plus screen! I had pieces falling out and was worried that they won't be able to fix it. When I met one of the guys he said, "it's not bad, be back in 30-40 min and it will be fixed. I felt ecstatic and relieved when I received my iPhone. Also to mention that the pricing was very reasonable compared to going to the Apple Store or other services.
My family and I love this place! Looks new inside or renovated! There are a variety of food items and the prices are great! The food is delicious and is a lot more tasteful than other Hawaiian BBQ place we have tried out...can't beat L & L tho.
They only thing that is horrible here is the attitude for the employees. My first time coming to this location we went through the the drive through and with no one else there but me, the employee that I talked to sounded like she was in a hurry. Very rude and sarcastic!
The food here is delicious! I recommend getting the gyudon bowl. The best parts about the place is how they prepare the food and the fact they offer brown rice for people who eat healthy.
Came here for the first time and everything was amazing from the food to the dessert! I had the Manuel's chimichanga and is was delicious. I also recommend trying there fried ice cream.
I have eaten at many pho restaurants throughout the valley and this has to be one of the few that I can call legit! Was told that they had opened two weeks ago which brings up the reasons why they don't have selected items such as boba and smoothies yet. I ate here with my family and we had ordered the beef sandwich and pho as well as the shrimp and pool rice plate (R6). Everything tasted very delicious and was surprised how they freshly squeezed my daughters lemonade. The staff was very attentive and polite. Definitely coming back and hoping they will have smoothies soon!Wish I could I give a 4.5!
Everything is awesome here from the staff to the food! It was my families first time being here and we were super impressed. Also they are mostly Filipino and have halo halo!
The Korean BBQ joint is by far the best. What I mean by best is the fact that the atmosphere makes it seems like you're Korea with the music and videos in the 3 tv's. One thing you cannot beat is the all you can eat, especially with the three prices you can choose from. Everyone is nice that works there and it does get busy at nights and the weekends. This place closely matches up to some of best Korean BBQ in LA.
This is a small joint and the ice cream is absolutely delicious! The place is a little hidden and he parking lot is small so I could imagine how busy it would be during the summer. The ice cream creation with the macaroon and roasted marshmallow is genius!
This place is about 5 min from my place and is the best place to get pho, spring rolls, and fried rice. Haven't tried everything yet but I know they are all good!
This place looks small from the outside but it is bigger in the inside! The food is very tasteful, my gf and I ordered 1 bulgolgi, pork fried rice, and chicken Katsu. The portions are enough to to feed two to three people. The only down fall is the prices. Overall you need to to at least try this out.Reason why I put 4 stars instead of 5 I because all the tables smelt a little bit like bleach from when they wipe down the tables.
Ice cream is delicious especially with different unique flavors and the manager is very nice!4 start: quiet and needs music to keep the place lively. Almost wanted to nap while eating. Also the price per scoop is a bit to much, paid almost $9 for 3 scoops.
This was our first apartment my gf, daughter, and I stayed at. We got the smallest 1 bed 1bath and it was not bad. I of course read all the comments about it and I guess we were the lucky ones! We did see a few small cockroaches but for me it's no biggey, it's like seeing a fly and you kill it. But those that are concerned I would buy a fogger from Walmart to clear out any other insects before  moving everything in. We had a very awesome neighbor who had a lot of flowers in the front that smelled very good every time I left the apartment.What made us really happy was the fact that there was a washer and dryer in the apt. The price is awesome and I have listed below other downfalls my family and I experienced that weren't to much of a bother.*Landscapers every Monday and Friday morning around 5am, this has happened at every apartment tho.*There would always be dog poop in front apt in the grass area so my daughter couldn't play in it.*The light posts around us and the door light kept on going out but maintenance were always on it the next day when we placed a work order.*Parking- our covered parking were in the very back when our apt was in the front near the office. We also had seen other people's covered parking being near them so I felt we were the only one left out. And the guest parking is always full after 7pm on weekdays!I agree with people when they say you get what you pay for but everyone experiences different things when they live here for example I ran into a person yelling at them in the office because they haven't lived in their apt for 1 month and had to still pay due to a flood from their dishwasher. I really wanted to tell him that they have renters insurance for that but I didn't want to initiate anything. The ladies in the office are very nice and considerate. They listen to everything you have to say and actually do something about it. I am happy we stayed there but we had to upgrade to a much bigger place since our daughter was growing bigger.
Me and my gf always order from them and we are never disappointed. Yesterday we finally went to the restaurant and ate there. The owners are very nice in the store and on the phone.
Been going here for the past 5 years and is one of the best Hawaiian grills in Mesa. I love the loco moco and always get the spam masubi. The customer service is amazing I always feel the island vibe every time I walk in.
This place is okay to start off, you get 6 small pieces of sushi for $2 a piece. Took about an hr to get someone, not our server to give us our bill and boxes. The only thing that was good here was the amount of food they give you on the plate. Wish they would give larger sizes at least for the prices given on the menu.
Impressed by the food and service! When you drive by this place you may automatically think this place must not be a tasteful place to eat at. But once you go in you will change your mind. The price for each dish is very reasonable and do serve enough to fill, especially the lunch menu. This place is definitely on my list to eat at during my lunch on the weekdays.
Me and my wife come here a lot and all the servers treat you like family. Also the manager always makes sure everyone is satisfied and happy.
Returned a small moving truck to this location. I told them I was charged full 4 days "flatrate" even if my reservation confirmation only states 3 days. They don't care if I showed them my reservation confirmation. I only used the truck for less than 3 days for my move & they won't prorate! They wanted the fuel exactly on the "F"(full) even if we were explaining to them that we filled it up until the gaspump stopped just a few minutes ago. "We could do this all day, but it still won't go to F" annoyingly says the lady. We went to overfill the truck so I won't get charged another $30 for the gas. They have Bad customer service & they overcharge. Won't be using Budget anymore!
Wir waren kurz vor Weihnachten mal wieder im Zauberlehrling, diesmal aber nicht nur zum ausgezeichneten Essen sondern auch fr eine traumhaft schne bernachtung in einem der toll designten Zimmern!!!Wir sind am Nachmittag angereist um das Zimmer auch genieen zu knnen, wurden sehr freundlich empfangen und auf das Zimmer gefhrt, welches uns erklrt wurde. Einfach genial, wie hier jedes Zimmer nach einem anderen Thema eingerichtet ist und auf jedes Detail geachtet wird.Am Abend gings dann ins Restaurant, welches wir fters besuchen, da man in Stuttgart selten eine so stylishe Einrichtung in Kombination mit mit ausgezeichneter Kche findet. Zu unserem Aperitif bekamen wir 3 verschiedene Snacks gereicht, dann wurde das einem Bonbon hnelnde Tab in eine erfrischende Handserveitte "verzaubert". Wir haben ein 4 Gang Men bestellt mit Weinbegleitung. Vor dem Amuse bouche gab es verscheidene hausgemachte Brtchen mit Olivenl und verschiedenen Salzen (Mnner & Frauensalz). Das Men war durchweg sehr gut, alles frisch, toll angerichtet und kreativ zusammengestellt.Auf dasDessert mussten wir etwas lnger warten, was uns aber nicht allzusehr strte. Auch der Wein passte hervorragend zum Essen.Das Personal war sehr freundlich und konnte auch zu z.B. den Salzen und den Weinen gute Auskunft geben. Beachtet man was man hier alles noch neben dem eigentlichen Essen zu bieten bekommt ist unserer Meinung nach das Preis/Leistungsverhltnis sehr gut.Wir sind wie immer begeistert vom Zauberlehrling, sowohl vom Restaurant als auch vom Hotel und knnen es nur jedem weiter empfehlen- ausser den Menschen die nichts von Design halten und lieber die altmodischen Tischdecken mit Silberbesteck bevorzugen.
Total dump. Place smelled. Dark. In the middle of a dying wasteland of a mall, very desolate. My kid hated the place. We're not going back.
Got our recordings and loved listening back! I think it will be fun to review in a year or so. Thanks again Suzy!
Honestly an amazing steak. The mushrooms are a must have as well. Garlic mash is spot on. Just treat yourself. It's a great little find in the east valley.
Pretty good BBQ! We got a ton of items from pork, brisket, baby backs, St. Louis ribs, BBQ chicken, mashed potatoes, beans, mac and cheese, queso... the list goes on. It was all pretty tasty.
If you so happen to be in #Arizona and find yourself in need of AC/Heating or Refrigeration work, I cannot recommend MechaniCool enough. Not only are they family owned and operated, but their service is unmatched. We have used other companies before and this is now our third time with them between both of our properties. We will never go back. Today, these hard working, polite and amazing gentlemen installed two new air handlers and two new condensers (aren't the condensers so pretty?) in our home. Our old units were still operating, but were original to the house, so as a means of "better safe than sorry" we made the decision to upgrade to some beautiful energy efficient, money saving units. I can't thank #Mechanicool and their crew enough! We are so grateful to have you to call!
Brandy. Is. Amazing. I've never had trust in a stylist. She nails my color request every time and I leave that place looking amazing.
After learning that my stylist was no longer working at this salon I was sad, but hearing from the management and stylists why she'd left (their tall tale sounding version anyway) I was pretty much appalled. The only reason I gave Rolf's business was because Brandy was there and to think after nearly ten years of her doing amazing work, increasing their profits, she gets spoken about the way she was by management?....to CUSTOMERS?? Yikes... I'll give my business to more tactful people.
After researching for months and several consults, I decided to go with Dr. Olson for my lower body lift and brachioplasty. The office staff is helpful, friendly and caring and Dr. Olson is genuine, to the point and realistic. At no point did he try to sell me procedures I didn't need (as others did). He actually talked me out of a few things I mentioned possibly needing, which helped me have more confidence in him as a surgeon. My surgery was incredibly successful and I am ecstatic with the results thus far. His technique is much nicer than other surgeons I've researched and where he chose to make his incisions made all the difference. I've never seen cleaner lines. Another thing that was incredibly important to me was my belly button. I obsessed over having a fake looking belly button, but Dr. Olson's look absolutely and shockingly natural. I am so happy with that. I could not recommend Dr. Olson enough. To say I had more confidence in him than I did with Scottsdale, AZ surgeons that had a FAR larger price tag says something. I believe my results speak volumes as well when you compare. I got more for my money and walked out looking better than expected and I am a very picky person.
Yep. This place is legit. I removed one star simply because we called our order in, went down, waited 10 min and then had to re-place the order because they hadn't actually taken it. The food is great, however so I'm happy. :)
The first visit was awesome. The service was alright, but the food made up for it. I ordered their shredded beef soft tacos and couldn't get enough. I craved them for a few weeks until we finally went back. Our second visit was nothing like the first. The waitress recommended crunchy tacos, as it was a new option, so I took her up on it. We waited over an hour and a half (not an exaggeration) outside, while being ignored by our server. The restaurant was slightly busier than the last visit, but there seemed to be adequate staffing. A very large party arrived 30 minutes or so after we were seated and long forgotten. They were seated outside next to our table and tended while we were ignored longer. The food finally arrived and tasted awful. It was a tasteless, flavorless fried mess. The freshness of the soft corn tortillas was burnt away with the new method. We weren't offered an apology for the long wait and left without tipping our server. I personally didn't want to pay for the meal at all. After waiting over and hour and a half to be served a simple meal and then having it taste the way it did, we haven't been back. I'd like to think it was a fluke because I'd really enjoy those soft tacos again, but I've found that Filiberto's Soft Shredded beef tacos are very comparable and just as inexpensive.
If you're interested in wasting a lovely Saturday afternoon with a LARGE group of skeeze-bags, then this is definitely the place for you. Not only will you be gawked at by the mouth-breathing salesmen, but you'll have the treat of being run in circles, hassled and treated like a complete f*cking moron. I just spent 4 hours in the god forsaken pit of doom with my family and will NEVER return. You couldn't pay me to shop there.  What a f***ing nightmare. thats my review.Never. Again. Period.
We just finished trying Jalapeo Bucks and while I will say that I do believe some of these reviews are exaggerated, I won't say it's bad BBQ. We tried a wide range of their menu to get a feel for it, including the green chile burrito, quesadilla, rice, beans, burnt ends, brisket and Cole slaw. I wouldn't call it the best BBQ I've had by a long shot but it's not terrible. I'm not certain if we will go back only because there wasn't any stand out items from what we ordered, but wanted to drop my review regardless because I saw a few negatives and felt the need to contribute a little kind honesty for those scoping this place out.
My Hubs and I really wanted to try this place out. We LOVE supporting local business and this place is very close to our house. We tried it a few months ago and sorry to say it, but it was not memorable at all. The food was pretty mediocre. I'm a blonde hair, blue-eyed Italian and I have made more flavorful Mexican dishes at home. I suppose it's not for those who crave deep authentic flavor, but perhaps it's acceptable for those who prefer a far less authentic flavor than you would expect from a privately owned Mexican Restaurant. The place has potential if they updated the interior a bit and changed the menu completely, but it doesn't even feel like a Mexican eatery. It was kind of off-putting. The music was odd, as well. We won't be back, unfortunately.
As a woman of Western European decent, I should not be able to wipe the floor with the local Arizona Mexican restaurant, but here we are. I could out cook this place blindfolded with two hands tied behind my back. As someone born and raised in the southwest, I have a strong respect for the flavors we have available to work with, so when I order food from a Mexican restaurant, I expect them to be at least partially present. I have never (and I am not being dramatic at all) tasted more flavorless food in my life. This reminds me of what it would be like if I lived in a small Midwest town where no one had ever eaten experienced Mexican cuisine. We ordered Chicken Enchiladas, Cheese Enchiladas, Quesadillas, Rolled Tacos, Regular Tacos, beans, rice, salsa and Tres Leches cake and absolutely none of it was even touched with seasoning--of any kind. No heat. No texture. Zero flavor. Nothing. I wish I were exaggerating, but instead, I am left questioning why anyone would invest in owning a restaurant when they do clearly lack passion for food. What a disappointment.$60 down the toilet and frustration at the community for giving a restaurant 4/5 stars when it so clearly missed the point.
If you're a huge fan of being treated like garbage and getting your order wrong, this is your restaurant!! I ordered a quesadilla with cheese and green chiles and got bell peppers on a tortilla. Now I'm not saying bell pepper isn't a green chili in a sense, but I'd figure that Hispanic people would know the difference. What added even more to the three experiences we have had at this location was the foam Tip Cup taped to the drive thru window. When I didn't drop my change (after being rudely addressed at both the intercom and window) I got a scowl and attitude from that point forward. What a winning team they have over there! Let me tell you! I am a calm positive person all day but I've never been so challenged to slap on a smile after leaving this dump. Beware that this location will leave you with a feeling of rage whenever your visit. If that floats your boat, you'll absolutely love it!
Contender for Bosa! I love the freshness, service and variety. If you like donuts (everyone) you'll be impressed.
Always a go to breakfast/brunch spot for us. Everything I've gotten has been consistently fantastic. And have you tried the banana nut muffins??!
This is strictly a review for the Santa Dreamworks experience....Reservations at 4:50, 2  hour wait, broken ride (the only real reason to see this attraction), 55 dollars, and a ridiculous consolatory 10 dollars off a souvenir that we were never planning on purchasing.  We could have just seen santa at the Bass Pro shop for a fraction of the cost and had a far better experience.  Awful customer service.  We will never attend this attraction again.  What a rip off.  My kids were Extremely disappointed.
It's not the best pho I've had, or even good. I'd probably rate it as mediocre pho to be honest, however the service is actually fast and straightforward. I do like the $1 option for extra noodle and I think $3 for extra meat. Prices are also a little higher than I've seen at other pho places, but it's certainly not overpriced or bad.It's decent for the location since it's very close to the strip in an open strip mall and there is also a big wide area for seating. I didn't try the sandwiches though, but I was in a mood for noodles. Perhaps next time.
I used to be a hardcore bemani player, always hanging out at the infamous Arcade Infinity playing DrumMania and Guitar Freaks until my fingers were ready to fall off. While I've been out of the "scene" for a few years, my friend told me about this place to check out if I were in area.So I happened to go to Vegas one weekend, and I remembered, "oh I gotta check out the new amazing arcade!" Basically, if you are a fan of DM/GF/Beatmania IIDX/Pop n' Music/DDR/ITG, this is DEFINITELY the place to check out.The owners and staff are reeeeeeally nice and knowledgeable, and really opened up this arcade just for the bemani and dance/rhythm gamer community, and are even doing it at a loss. And the care and love really shows as this place is impeccably clean, well stocked, and spaced out really well. Many arcades are cramped with mediocre ventilation. This place positions games really well and just has a good vibe to it.Even if you aren't a fan of music games they have a few fighting games, even an old school mario cabinet, claw games, air hockey, pool, and even (free!) foozeball.Oh..and the prices are amazing. No tokens, they take quarters. 50c for three songs on DM/GF, that is probably the best price I've ever seen for the game not set on free play. The DrumMania machine is also in the best condition I've ever seen it in, anywhere (yes I've played a LOT of DM in Japan, and all over California as well). Very good sensitivity, very good bounce on the pads, and clean and in new condition.The other vibe I like about this arcade is that serious or nice casual gamers come into play (at least when I was there on a Saturday afternoon), there are no random kids screaming or people abusing machines.There is also an open section with TV where people can bring their own consoles or games to play with a friendly environment.If you like music games, curious about them, or just love a well maintained and great arcades in general, this is definitely not to be missed in Las Vegas.
It looks nice from the outside, and definitely tries to be classy and more on the upscale side. Locals come here often, the waitstaff mentions.The food? Meh. I think my expectations were set high, as it was mostly forgettable in my mind. I only remember the Caprese to be very excellent, though. Through a variety dishes from risotto, steak, osso buco, etc it was not as flavorful and tender as I was expecting.The experience on the whole was nice though, as I came here for a friend's birthday. I merely asked for dessert and the waiter gave a whole schpeal about how he's risking getting fired to give us a complimentary slice of cake for the birthday girl -- I'm not sure he was telling the truth or not, but I found it more annoying than flattering.He also called out a roaming magician to perform tricks for our table. I guess is night, but I felt a little invasive.Um, I guess it was alright.
Great service, great egg dishes. When you order coffee they give you a pot so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. This particular location has more locals so you know it's a decent place to grab breakfast.Definitely worth a trip out for breakfast if you are an out of towner like I am, or if you are in the area. So many dishes to choose from, that's probably the most annoying part about this place!
I live in LA and i've always driven to Las Vegas. So what brought me to this airport this time? I was flying through to Austin and Southwest decided the layover be in LAS. So, here I was.Despite having been to LV soooo many times for some reason I was mildly surprised to see so many slot machines inside the airport. And the brightly lit ad all over to shoot machine guns.It's a little dirty and the interior is a badly colored grungy sleepy color -- but I guess it's a quaint reminder of what the lower-end casinos are like. But as an airport -- fully functional, not many qualms. On a weekday, there were mostly older people and businessmen.Free fast wi-fi is definitely the high point. There are a lack of power plugs but there are a few Verizon sponsored booths with chairs and a row of plugs. Not bad. Airport serves it's purpose and didn't treat me horribly, but would be forgettable without the ring of slot machines.
To be honest I was a bit inebriated while getting to this joint because I was pre-partying during the car ride from LA to LV... however that didn't stop me from eating. After 10pm "sexy ladies" eat at a discounted price, but really it's just girls in general. I know I would have rather rolled in my hot outfit, but I guess it was better to embarrass myself in a t-shirt and jeans instead of something I would have regretted spilling something on.However! I still enjoyed myself and most of the dishes were alright. Fresh oysters were pretty good, a little spicy but still satisfying. Sampled a few different sushi I don't remember what kinds... but it was ok! It's what you would expect from AYCE but a tad better... it's no premium sushi, but for what you get it's not bad at all.But yes, Vegas is known for the buffets and AYCE, so you can get your belly's worth of sushi here as well! :D
I really love this down to earth coffeeshop in Downtown LV a skip away from Fremont Street. The staff and baristas are super friendly and will cater to your needs - there was a vegan couple ahead of me in line in which they modified their orders to fit their dietary needs.Food is good, and everything is freshly made in house. Coffee is also great and in the evening they serve beer on tap! They also have a section of records, posters, and even an art gallery up front and in the back. They will also occasionally have bands and performers. It really feels like a local joint that has a free, creative, friendly spirit - what you really would expect from Downtown LV, away from the strip.They also spin records up front as their background music, so great! :)
I was really looking forward to visiting this CPK location as you don't see many chain restaurants on the strip with 4+ star reviews. I arrived, was seated and waited on promptly. I ordered the gauc and chips appetizer to start. I've had this before so I thought I knew what to expect. Well they use frozen corn, which is absolutely fine but among your gauc bites you get freezer cold bites of corn. Haven't had it served to me that way before. Then I ordered what I really came for, the garlic cream fettuccine. Unfortunately this was also not prepared the way I had expected. There wasn't much of a cream to the sauce at all that the pasta was even sticking to its self while hot. The garlic flavor was very subtle and the sauce itself didn't offer much taste. Regardless I had left overs so I took it to go and needless to say it was impossible to take out of the to go box to heat up because it was all brick solid. I did enjoy my drink - strawberry mango cooler, the strong taste of ginger offered quite the kick. I also enjoyed the ambiance. They have a large patio section and equally large interior. They had the game going and The Park had live music so I got the best of both worlds. I don't know that I would return for the food. I was pretty disappointed and that's never been the case with CPK, though it was my first time at this location.
Stayed at the Elara and was looking for a tasty relatively inexpensive place to eat aside from the big names (that suck) on the strip. Yelp came to the rescue and I saw the Nacho Daddy was within the Miracle Mile which is connected to the Elara. It feels like you're exiting the property which you are but when you turn right, the establishment is right there close to - couple yards from the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd. If you sit outside you can hear and see a lot of the hustle of the strip. Nachos were really good, I was happy to see all the vegetarian options. I would have liked my nachos to be more cheesy. They were perfectly spiced however and the flavors all melded very well. Huge portions and so two people can easily share. I had a peach margarita along with my meal which was quite strong but good. I was happy with the prospect that I could take it to go as I had an early morning but still wanted to enjoy it back in my room. They had live music while I was there and it was a fun little joint to enjoy when you sort of just want to get away from what is the strip. Will defiantly be back when in Vegas. Not for that scorpion shot though!
Having seen Mystere, I had very different expectations for The Beatles Love. I wasn't all that impressed but perhaps it is because I cannot share the same passion for The Beatles as others can. I felt it was repetitive and lacking a story line at some points. The stage is designed nicely however and there is an optimal view from any and all angles. More dancing than acrobatics, an older crowd and a very slow moving concessions line. I wouldn't choose to return nor would I recommend this to anyone.
My first Vegas pool party and it was OK. They charge ladies cover, fine no problem but the day we went it was $45. Not quite sure why all that much - wasn't prepared for that! Wasn't a big fan of the music, the pool was so gross that I didn't want to go past my ankles and there's no place to sit down unless you go over by the bar. Lots of drunk people falling into the pool which makes me uncomfortable in the likely event I have to do resuscitate them! The few drinks I had were great and quite strong.  I wouldn't return, since my trip I've heard better things about a number of other day clubs. Would much rather take my business there and have a great time.
Not one star, ZERO stars! This is legitimately the worst Pizza Hut I've ever been to in the history of pizza huts I've been to throughout the country. Why you may ask? Because I called and explained my dad had a flight to catch and that we needed the pizza to be ready upon arrival and that I wanted to dine in, the lady said oh ok no problem come on in and just ask for plates, it'll be 20 minutes. Well we showed up 25 minutes later and I'm told the pizza was just put into the oven, what? So we wait, fine. I ask for a plate, the lady at the register says I can't give you a plate you're not dining in, I say yes we are and I spoke to the person that took my order. She stares at me for a minute as though she can't figure out who would allow such a thing. She hands me two plates after more explanation, one of which is dirty - keep in mind these are paper plates. Then my dad orders a drink and I want water and she states there is no water, bottled water? No, no water. I'm absolutely mind blown.The location was filthy, the employees have no regard for their job and quite frankly didn't want to work. I'm not sure why they're still open or even a fine in facility if they don't appreciate patrons. I will not be returning and am thankful that this is not my local Pizza Hut location, so I really won't need to return.
My parents were in town visiting and Sweet Tomatoes was one of their favorite restaurants to frequent several years ago back in Chicago before they all closed. We drive passed one while running errands at Galleria Mall and knew we had to stop in!It was exactly as we remember it. My favorite salad there is actually a staple on the menu - win! My parents particularly loved the soups and the cranberry apple cobbler this visit. My faves are the wonton happiness salad, Joan's broccoli madness and the mac and cheese. Employees were nice. I got up to take a picture of one of the food signs for my mom and the gentlemen behind the counter was ready to solve problems until I told him she just wanted to recreate it at home. I wish their were more drink options. I recall our old Sweet Tomatoes having a cookie bar as well which I miss. One of the breads, possibly the focaccia was way too spiced up, as in too much ginger, I immediately spit it out. The linguine alfredo was ok, not as flavorful as I would've liked. Overall a great, moderately healthy food stop. Be sure to check in for the savings!!!
Probably the most delicious and beautiful gelato I have ever had - because I've never been to Italy. My friend and I were to lucky to grace by Amorino at a very slow hour so we got to take our sweet time with samples and the creative process, you know that's important for Yelp street credibility. I never get chocolate flavored anything, I like chocolate but not in a hefty form like ice cream. But it just looked so rich and dark in the encasing that I had to ask for a sample. Needless I say I was blown away. My first time getting chocolate flavored ice cream - that says a lot! That made up the outside of my flower while vanilla made up the interior. Both flavors came together beautifully. I also never order cones, I'm a messy eater but to appreciate the goodness that is Amorino I couldn't think to do it any other way. I will be frequenting here. My guests will be forced to frequent here. And they will love it!
Located inside the Venetian in St. Marks square. Average at best. Limited vegetarian options, bland tasting as well. Good wine. Had to ask for necessities - napkins, olive oils, crushed pepper, Parmesan several times. No reason to go back when I'm in Vegas.
Fabulous event! I had the last minute pleasure of attending the make up event (and fragrance tonight) and I couldn't be more grateful. An intimate group was perfect given the space and we were able to see a celebrity makeup artist in action. He shared great tips and tid bits and helped each of us look our best glam after the tutorial. I had come straight from a night shift and they made me look 10x more awake! I have pictures to prove it! We were given free gifts with purchases, win as well as bubbly while we sat and watched him in action. The staff was sweet and helpful. Parking was validated for us. I can't wait to return tonight to learn about fragrance!
I don't typically frequent Guess Factory but I had been sent a reward through Guess List because I had signed up when I bought a down coat a few years ago. Great way to get me back into the store I have to say! Overall selection was OK. I'm a size XS so most of the fitting was hit or miss. I did find a beautiful satin cold shoulder top that I ended up choosing. Shout to Elijah who helped me with fitting rooms numerous times and was kind enough to steam my new top for me. The manager tried to tell me that my reward was for Guess only without looking at it first but I was quick to point out that was not the case. She seemed a bit irritated at my asking for my purchase to be steamed but did ask Elijah to take care of it. I would return if anything warranted my needing to shop there.
Met up with a friend for lunch this afternoon at Margaritaville. I've frequented the one in Chicago but this was my first time trying the Flamingo location. I ordered the loaded nachos - subbed black beans for the meat off the appetizer list and boy were they loaded! They're definitely an appetizer to share - FYI. Service was fast, though there wasn't much checking in. Vegetarian options are limited so I'd much rather go elsewhere but my visiting friends chose Margaritaville. I would come back to try a margarita or two!
I can't get enough of Shake Shack! With the incredible food scene in LV, I question why I always want to go there and the answer is the shroom burger, fries and purple cow float. I swear I'm not 10 years old . But seriously, I've never had a better burger! Consistently crispy with the perfect ratio of cheese stuffed into the portobello. Fries are great, piping hot with the perfect amount of salt and I hate salt so I would know. Their self serving condiment area is wonderful so no one can judge the amount of mayo I take. The purple cow float is great, I've been there with several different people and it's not something everyone seems to love, but I really do. Opportunities for improvement are the water dispenser at the condiment bar. The water is always lukewarm, which is annoying when you're there in the spring/summer/fall. The bathroom could use more tidying up. It's a small space so filth anywhere doesn't do it any justice. It's always littered with paper towels. Random FYI - I'm from Chicago where I have a Shake Shack only 20 minutes (out of my way) away but for some reason I never make it out. There's something about the one of the strip that makes me crave it through my entire trip every time I come to Vegas. Hey I'm saving money at least!
Met up a girlfriend at Libre and left wanting a little more. First of all, they close at 10.... yes 10. Which left me alarmed from Vegas standards. We felt a little rushed for that reason. They don't offer any vegetarian tacos and their food all in all was very bland. Definitely wouldn't recommend the gauc. I had the mini tostadas, they were OK but again lacking flavor. They have margaritas for a dollar so that doesn't hurt. I'm not sure I would return necessarily.
Delicious, delicious, delicious spin on staple Indian street foods. I had a paneer chili taco, masala fries, paani puri and a mango lassi while my friend ordered a chicken chili taco. We both very much enjoyed them. Be warned, they are tiny and addicting, you'll want one more and then one more again! Seating is outdoors, the establishment is food truck-esque and they have patio tables to enjoy your food. We weren't there on a very busy day but I imagine it fills up awfully quickly when it is. They're only open until 8pm so plan to show up accordingly. What makes it even more special is that two very kind souls, Dharmesh and his wife now own this joint and make everything from scratch. They are a 2 bodied business and work extremely hard to please each and every customer. We were asked multiple times if we enjoyed our food and if we needed anything more. I can't wait to return and take my visiting family and friends!
I'm learning Vegas surprisingly has quite the Indian food dining scene, which is fantastic to say the least. My family and I were headed back to the strip (our home base) after a long but fun day at the west rim of the Grand Canyon. We knew we wanted Indian but the strip joints couldn't promise a 4-5 star meal. I did a quick search as we got closer and Mint was just a couple minutes away and seemed to have a good track record. We arrived and were seated immediately. We were given a good amount of time to review their expansive menu which by the way is filled with more variety than I have ever seen in any Indian restaurant coming from Chicago. A lassi bar, lassi cocktails, various styles of naan, an inferno challenge - living upto the Vegas touch, foods labeled clearly as vegan, vegetarian, gluten free, Jain, etc. We ordered masala papad and sev puri as appetizers to start and both were above average. We felt the sev puri lacked much flavor. For our entrees we did paneer tikka, pineapple schezwan rice, fire roasted garlic naan, kabuli naan and bhatura. The paneer tikka was excellent - full of flavor, as was the naan and bhatura - yum! The rice was far too spicy to eat so I wish we hadn't gotten that and the kabuli naan tastes like desert so I wish I had passed on that because it was odd having to eat it with the paneer tikka. Overall we had a great meal and were quite impressed with menu and selections, the ambience was nice and service was quick. There's definitely room for improvement however. I guess some of the busboys don't know English (they don't communicate this to us) so when we would order something with them a waiter would come and ask us again and everyone would be lost as to if someone was getting our order. It would be much simpler if those that don't know English would just grab someone that does or not work the floor. For drinks we saw lychee lassis on the menu and knew we had to have them, so we ordered only to find out they're unavailable along with the tandhai, two of their most unique flavors!!! I was so disappointed to learn this. The owner explained it's because they need someone to bring it from India whenever family or friends go which is hard to rely on, but then I feel the menu is a tease in that way. I feel when it's available they would make a "specials" menu for the month and include it on there. In that event I went with a rose lassi which was great, my got a mint lassi because again the uniqueness of flavors. Well that was a mistake. We were thinking mojito like sweetness in a mint lassi - we were very wrong. For those of you that know what the mint "pain" in pani puri tastes like, it's that, mixed with yogurt. Absolutely unpleasant in the context of a lassi. Regardless of the mishaps, we had a generally great meal and would definitely consider returning when back in town. Only a 5 minute drive from the strip, well worth it for the quality of food.
A girlfriend and I were in Vegas this past May celebrating graduating and Hakkasan made it into our plans both nights we were in town. When we arrived around 11:30 after taking our time to get dolled up, there was a never ending line for people trying to get in. I had some sort of question and ended up approaching one of the managers who ended up escorting us to the front of the line. While that was flattering, I felt horrible for everyone needing to wait in that ridiculous line. Basically the same rules as anywhere else apply here at Hakkasan x10. If you've got a massive group of females - you're entitled and are able to enter immediately. If you're a male, particularly a group of males, you get robbed of all the money you have after you've waited in line for 3 hours. I was lucky enough to have been let in and we had a great time time the first night. There was no event going on but the music was spot on to our taste - hip hop/R&B, throwbacks. Everyone was on the floor having a great time. Drinks were good but expensive as you'd expect, lucky enough to have them bought for me. Then the dreaded happened - my 5 day old phone was stolen out of my purse! We ran to find Hakkasan personnel and happened to be the most unhelpful, unsympathetic beings I've ever met. =( Given the nature of the establishment they must assume everyone they speak to is sloppy drunk, that's the type of attitude I received and was questioned how someone was able to take my phone out of my purse and me not realize it. Seriously? I was incredibly upset and sadly not drunk - the little buzz I had going had completely diminished upon learning my phone was gone. We went back the following night after getting on a bottle service list for Lil John. We had a great time, awesome seats and private dance area and unlimited alcohol. The lines and their standards really infuriate me along with the way the staff felt it was appropriate to speak to their guests in such a manner. Two stars off for that.
I've stayed at the Elara twice for promotional offers and have had nice experiences both times. Hilton property that's "on center strip." Large, clean rooms with floor to ceiling windows. I've always gotten a south Strip view.  Peter Thomas Roth bathroom amenities which are a great touch. Nice, large bathroom.  Prompt room service. Check in and check out is a breeze. Decent pool with bar and cabanas but due to the promotional stays, typically filled with children. Attached to Planet Hollywood's mall with outlet onto center strip across from Aria and Cosmopolitan. Hilton never disappoints!
IKEA is IKEA no matter where in the country you go. This one did the job in regards to making the itemsI came for available to me. My biggest disappointment here though was absolutely no one being available to help or I should say seen. With how large the store is, we found our selves needing to wait and go to the other end of the floor only to be pointed to return back where we came from, no "let me show you." Their as is section was a bit of a miss but they have no real control over that.  Being the only IKEA in the area, I'll have to come back if a need were to prompt me but I have no real desire to return.
This show is one word: INCREDIBLE! I can't wait to go back and recommend it to everyone. Mat is extremely personable and this show is far from your girl in the box and that sort of magic from back in the day. This stuff makes you think only to make you think again and again! It's a great show for really any occasion. The large majority of the show is visualized on a screen so seating is not of utmost importance but I also wasn't all the way in the back to be able to comment on my view from there. I think it would be enjoyable nonetheless. No photography or videography is allowed and no beverages are served during the show only before. Our bottles were never collected so we  had to hold them awkwardly. I can't wait to return!!
I really wanted to like Thai Pepper but it fell short on a number of accounts. As a vegetarian, there's not a whole lot to choose from. I had fried green beans to start and some vegetarian noodles as my entree along with a Thai iced tea. Well something didn't sit right and within the hour I was in the bathroom. Bummer. Food lacked flavor, it was spicy yes but not flavorful. Ambience is busy, crowd is mixed, the area is a bit sketchy and I'm glad I came in the afternoon. Would hesitate to return.
Not a place we are proud to visit but my mom busted her iPhone 6S screen and was coming to visit me out here and was short on time to get it fixed back in Chicago. After using the quote function on Yelp (TGFY!), I found Desert Wireless to be the cheapest option using original Apple parts. I was told it would take only 10-15 minutes to repair and that was the case when i came in and it was honored. In fact it took less than 10 minutes. Customer service was friendly and they were knowledgeable. I would be back in the unfortunate event I would need to and highly recommend it to anyone that needs it! Highly satisfied!
Yay for Wolfgang Puck being my neighbor! Their happy hours are great. The ambiance is nice and the staff is friendly. Anyone I bring here really enjoys it even though it's for purposes of a quick meal. That being said, they're also very fast. Wish they would add more vegetarian options but the pizza hits the spot so I can't complain much. Discounts for checking in! So definitely take the second to do that.
Love, love, love the ambiance at Mandarin. I live next door but the view is captivating for me regardless and your tourist guests will be impressed nonetheless. The complementary snack tray wins me over - honey roasted peanuts, wasabi peas and chex mix! They go well with any of the unique drinks on the menu. They also have a mocktails so it's a win win taking your non-drinking friends.I've been told to expect it to be very busy and have a wait but the two times I've been there that wasn't the case.
Called King of Condos several times only to have them say someone will return my call shortly. Took me several attempts to get through. The agent who took me to the different buildings was very cold and almost awkward. With the amount of real estate folks to choose from, I wouldn't waste time on this business again as they seem uninterested.
I'm at a loss of words! Magic Mike was Magic! This show is executed extremely well and is the best in town now having seen the other male shows. The audience participation is terrific, everyone feels involved. I can't recommend it more to my friends for girls night, bachelorette parties and birthdays! I know I'll be back!!!My second Yelp event here in Vegas and this raises the freaking bar! Taylor did incredible in making this happen and I can't wait to see what's in store! Adorable little goodies from them also!
I had visited and planned to buy from them but they never answered their phones after my visit for pricing information. Was disappointed and took my business elsewhere. The employee I interacted with was nice however their store may also be their home. It had a peculiar smell and I wanted to leave as soon as possible.
Conveniently located inside Meadows Mall with a wide selection of medical uniforms. Their Vera Bradley collection seems to be the newest on the market. I was disappointed to learn as a petite woman that they have very limited XXS/XS sizes. I was told they usually only get one XS in the grey's anatomy line - not even an XXS. Which makes shopping there for me extra tough. That being said, I can buy online and make any returns i need to in store. Which is what brought me in, in the first place. They made it quick and easy. Though I am still awaiting my refund, and its day 5. Worthwhile checking out but you'll probably have better luck with sizing online.
I enjoyed the unique view and ambiance of Lago on Saturday night but found there to be few vegetarian options to choose from. I had margarita pizza which was a bit over done. They claim to be tapas style but my friend and I had our own meals. I noted my friend's birthday was coming up and our server was kind enough to bring out a desert on the house. Overall service was good. I would return but likely not for the food just drinks. It is conveniently next to Hyde if you plan to make your way there after as the promoters refuse to leave you alone on the way to Lago.
Great customer service here and very helpful employee! I found a steal on a lighting fixture I was eyeing and the Home Depot. You'll want to check this place out first, significant savings off overstock products - it's a win win. I will be back for any bulb needs!
As a local now that's still getting her place in order, I was feeling under the weather and didn't have ginger, honey or lemon on hand. I would've whipped up my own concoction if I did but I knew it would be a good time to check out The Juice Standard as I had sampled it many times in the past. I was recommended Bee Royal and the sweet employee offered to even add honey and warm it up for me to soothe my throat. Let me tell you, it was very comforting! The only thing that hurts is the price but given that it's in the Cosmo, that's to be expected. I would definitely return!
Cheap, automatic car wash. I chose the $11 option as my car had been shipped cross country and looked extremely rough. The wash did the job. I got a free "towel" and air freshener. Both of which I wouldn't get the $11 wash for again, the cheaper options would be just fine. Free vacuums provided to do on your own. There was a huge line and I was told I could come back any time to use them. Lots of homeless people around, makes it a bit sketchy to be around. Otherwise no complaints.
Attended a conference at Flamingo's facilities and found it to be a decent location. Everyone complained about the insanely cold rooms the entire week and it seemed as though nothing was done about it. Lunch was great most days as was the snacks served during breaks. Bathrooms were outdated as was the casino as I walked through it each morning and evening.
Yay for veggie ramen! Wanted ramen after a long day of running errands and having tried ramen for the first time in LA, i was under the delusional impression that everyone makes a mean veggie one! My bubble burst quickly as I pulled up to JINYA, got on the the wait list to realize the wait for one was over an hour because couples get table priority over me. I was starving so I started making calls from Yelp and was 10 deep when I got a hold of these awesome folks. Their veggie ramen is plentiful and definitely fills you up. I do wish they were able to add miso paste for more flavor to the veggie ramen but I was told this is only available with their broths that contain pork broth. Nevertheless it was good, I don't know if as good as JINYA (haven't had the one out here yet though) but certainly of caliber that I would return for. My hostess/waitress was very sweet and asked me not to rush when I was the past patron after close. I had a bit of a hard time finding the establishment but it's across the street from the Korean strip mall on the "darker" side of the strip. They give a punch card for return visits, be sure to get yours!
Essence is adorable. Sadly, it's next to a strip mall, but the restaurant itself has outdoor seating (which we had to stalk... it's a bit small) and a nice atmosphere. The staff are friendly and you just order and find a table; since our order took a bit longish, they gave us a few free croissants which was wonderful! It didn't stop us from buying as much in pastries as we had in what most term "real" food, but it was a nice gesture. I rarely eat red meat, but because of the local/grass-fed advertisement, I had to try their bleu cheese burger... and everyone else at the table was mega jeals. ;) Juicy, flavorful, and with a balsamic mayo that gave it just a hint of bitter. The salad with it was fresh and also yummy. Portions aren't huge... my friend had the grilled cheese and that was a bit tiny and not overwhelmingly cheesey. But I digress... the pastries. Ah yes. We had a caramel macaroon which tasted like a crack-based sugar cookie, an almond croissant which was a bit lemony, cinnamon butter roll-ball things (essentially donut holes), and a chocolate cookie (which was hardish but somehow still addictively delicious). Overall, while pricey, I would tell you to get the exact same things I got and you will be happy. :) The teas are refreshing and the food is deeeeelicious. Enjoy!
A for atmosphere and friendly staff! :) Such a busily chill place to go-- the chairs are all different, there are little jars of jams all over, everyone buses their own table, and when your order is ready, they happily call your name across the restaurant. I got the frittata which came with potatoes and toast, all delish. I was having a hard time deciding about what to get because the pastries looked good too (typically I opt to get one of evvvvvvverything) but when I told the cashier it was my first time there and how excited I was, she gave me not one, but TWO free scones! I picked a walnut-pesto scone, and she was like, "Well, scones are supposed to be sweet, and that one's savory, so have this one, too!" and gave me a lemony cream scone. Mmmm. Too much food for one girl to handle, but great leftovers for later. Great vibe, good food, friendly people. It gets busy but is worth hitting up, even to study and drink tea with a scone. Hint: they have mimosas! Double hint: they do not take credit cards.
Good selection of food and pastry, friendly service, decent milkshakes! Love the decor (don't get discouraged, there's a huge downstairs to sit in!) and heard rumors that JK Rowling did much of her HP writing here.
Delicious, unique, and could hold up in any big city setting. The fried cheese curds and the fried pickled veggies were amaaaaaaazing. :) The service was great, and the atmosphere was welcoming and adorable.
I agree with Mio S. that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. And I will tell you that the 1/3 lb. burger with American fries (read: hash browns cooked in bacon grease) was absolutely the right way to start off my day post-Freakfest. It's a dive with cheap, wonderfully greasy food and an old-school style; short stools surround a u-shaped counter, there are some tables, and you might have to work for service, but overall it's friendly and perfect for preempting or sopping up those tipsy nights. The only downers: Spotty hours (whenever food runs out or the owner/cook gets bored) & CASH ONLY!
Okay, so I'm from Chicago. I was slightly dubious that sitting outside even in April was a good idea, but the garden, cushioned chairs, and umbrellas convinced me. :) Everything was good! Things of note, however, include: unique menu choices and giant portions. :) The atmosphere at night must be really cozy, like a backyard dinner party. They have a firepit, area to play bags, and a desert-style garden. They even give 10% off if you ride your bike over! It was a little pricey, but I enjoyed it and love how it's integrated into the neighborhood.
Cute enough and they let dogs hang out, too. Decent selection of beers/whiskys~ quirky/casual.
My beautiful manfriend and I stopped in for some fro yo whilst up in Mad-town for Freakfest 2010. While the yogurt appears to be typical, they do have offer a specialty flavor that changes (pumpkin was there last weekend). I'd recommend it for general frozen yogurt but it didn't wow me. If you go, the only item that really impressed me was the frozen hot chocolate yogurt drink... which was delicious, had real Ghiradellis in it, AND don't feel confined to the options listed. I asked them to blend in raspberries instead and it was a most excellent choice.
Open late hours, delivery, SOOOO cheesy! The cheesy Toppersticks are de-freaking-licious. So buttery. So greasy. Soooooo delightful. Costs a bit more, but it's a distinctive cheesybread. :)
Great for visiting CFers! :) The staff is attentive/friendly and the members are also welcoming. The gym is clean and well-organized with more equipment than you'd find in a typical Olympic gym (there were also treadmills). They make their own workouts and focus on strength for the normal ones; at their free 9am Saturday classes they adjust the workout to be more accessible for those who don't do CF regularly. If you buy a shirt (for $25), you can drop in multiple times. That was a little pricey to me since I could only go twice, but I wanted a shirt anyway. :) Thanks for the great gym-away-from-gym workouts guys!
And I know airports. Damn. Er... jackpot, rather.Free WiFi, yummy restaurants, cute boutique shops, weird souvenirs, and as relatively clean as airports get. :)
The outdoors, free music, good beer, good friends. Wisconsin can be lovely when they aren't raving football lunatics. :) Nice amount of tables and space, right on the lake.Rec: If you see abandoned pitchers, take them! You get $1 for each that you return. I saw some girl with like 11 of them. :) Don't forget to return yours, too. Vibe Killas:One of the three performances the day we last went was really good; the others were actually quite terrible. At least it's free? But maybe not so much when you actually want to leave. Only Union members can buy beer. Seriously?
Oh. My. Chocolishisness. These are ridiculously flavorful (no guessing... you'll know which is which) and uniquely textured... I would certainly NOT wait for Valentine's Day. It deserves all five stars, while definitely a luxury, totally worth it for chocolate lovers (or for any level of chocolate appreciaters).
Really nice and helpful on the phone~ I live in Chicago and wanted to order a pre/post-natal massage set for my bff who lives in Gilbert, and they were very helpful! Will update after feedback. :)
Nutrition Information:"Don't even ask. This is the best ice cream made in Wisconsin, and it tastes so good because it has gobs of rich Wisconsin cream, tons of real ingredients for boat-loads of luscious flavors. That means it's not low-fat, low-calorie, or low-anything, and that's why everyone loves it. You want nutrition, eat carrots."Um, yes. Bring it on, and go big or go home! They've got good portions (good meaning enough to sate that crazed ice cream craving), friendly staff, and decent prices. The flavors are pretty original, too, with my particular favorites:-Dark Side of the Moon (Blue Moon mixed with Zanzibar [dark chocolate])-Fat Elvis (banana ice cream, pb ripple, fudge)-Yippie Skippie (pb ice cream, salted carmel ripple, chunks of brownies, choc covered pretzels)Rec: Split a banana split with a friend, hold the bananas. :)
This hot chocolate is swimmingly rich. I don't even know what I mean by that, but it is. It's like letting a chocolate melt in your mouth (but it's already melted?)... I was intrigued by the Mayan Hot Chocolate but think the regular Milk Chocolate was actually better. The corn in the Mayan one freaked me out a bit and it wasn't as flavorful. Not that I wouldn't have another if offered! They are hand-crushed and blended right then and there.These chocolates are delectable and with seasonal varieties, you can always try something new! Good tip about eating in being cheaper... but I got a bunch to go. :) My friends and I split a big box, and we had no issue tasting flavors or figuring out which was which... these flavors come through strong and they are also handpainted.
TOPS sticky toffee pudding, great whisky flights / selection, friendly service, cute atmosphere. On a street amongst many similar-seeming pubs (which I ALSO went to), this one stood out for food, service, and vibe.
The cupcakes are as decadent and #worthit as they look. :) Mars Bar cupcakes in particular... while we don't really get into Mars Bars in the US (or is that just me?), it was rich and caramelly and fudgy with a rich cake. Cute decor, and a great food truck, too!
My second time at Deejai was even better than the first. Great location, service, ambiance but most importantly, GREAT food. Would highly recommend the Panther Roll. Go 'thers. One minor critique. Staff members could be seen eating food and chewing while serving customers. Other than that, top notch.
William answered all our questions, sent a quote and then sent a knowledgeable installer to complete the install of two new units. Great news, the price was just as we agreed to.  Great job
When our Jacuzzi wouldn't heat we were told at minimum $500 part just to find out if it needed to be replaced.   We had another company come out they changed a fuse and started it up. We put 170 into minor parts and used it last night.   The pool service charged $85 for coming and wanted a minimum of 500 more.
Very clean with friendly office staff. Be cautious - staffed by NP and PA's. Went in with pain in the ear. PA diagnosed inner ear infection with antibiotics. 4 days later there was no improvement and the staff encouraged waiting another day. ON 5 th day a second visit showed it progressed and a new antibiotic was prescribed. 5 days later I went to a specialist to find out it was diagnosed incorrect ant the antibiotics would not work. I was charged (my cost) $150.00 for first visit and $100.00 for second with $75.00 in med.
Would not recommend unless your completely prepared to manage this process on your own and pick up the slack when needed. I was that organized bride and it still had to be done on my part
Amazing Cakes!!! Amazing Pastries!!! Great customer service!!Have been going here for years. Always buy my cakes for special occasions at Irene's and they never disappoint. Also, Zeppole's are the most delicious I could find in the GTA.Keep up the good work Irene and Staff!
One of my favourite AYCE sushi restaurants. Food is fresh and delicious. Enjoyed some of there "specialty" items on the menu. Service is quick and polite. Overall, nice dining experience. A little bit on the pricy side but with the some of the special items they serve that other AYCE's don't, I find it worth the money.
Came here for lunch with my wife and newborn. Found the tables very large and perfect for having a table full of dishes. Sushi was very tasty. Sashimi tasted fresh. One disappointment was that they only allowed to order two pieces of tuna per person. I did not expect that from an ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi restaurant, especially for the price that we paid.
Terrible Service! Terrible Experience! Ordered a steak medium rare, came to me well done. When I brought it to the attention of the staff, I was told that I was wrong and that the steak was indeed medium rare. Not what I expected from a fine dining restaurant. Truly disappointed.
Took my 9 yr old for a problem with a tooth. once again another new dentist. Dr Hemphill was introducted to me . She spent very little time examining the tooth in question. wanted to do other work. when I expressed my concern that she was not dealing with the problem tooth, she became argumentative.  She looked at the xray and said there was no problem. Told the hygienist to have him rinse out his mouth with mouthwash. when I told her that I found her unprofessional  she jus t laughed at me and walked out. At checkout they wanted to schedule a follow up.  I  refused and left. In 6 years of coming to this practice it seems like everytime you come here there is a different dentist. I can nolonger recommend this practice.
East Side used to be good, but getting worse each time I go. Placed order for a large cheese. Was told 15 minutes. 35 minutes later someone asked me what I was waiting for. I told them and they had no idea about my order. The pizza maker didn't speak English and the person at the register had to translate. They kept apologizing and said my pizza would be ready in a couple of minutes. They hadn't even made it yet. I  told them to just refund my money. It took 3 people to return cash. They offered to deliver a pizza to me at no charge but it would have been 830pm. I just got my money and left. don't think I'll be returning.
My first time here was in June 2016 and I thought they were the end all be all on my trip. I ate there 3 times in 5 days. I had buffalo wings, pancakes, and shrimp and grits. I went again in August of 2017, still good as last year. It's so hot that they have sprinklers spewing a light mist on you to cool you off. HOWEVER, I'm a black woman with black hair and my hair doesn't do well WET! It is a nice gesture but they could at least have it in a timer to go off periodically NOT continuously. This didn't happen in 2016. The waitress said they couldn't turn it off because it's on a timer. So for that, I'm taking away a star.
don't call this guy the scam they overcharge they are not professionali give them my original car key ask for a duplication. paid $150 for a duplicate and my original key is not working anymore. they decline any responsibility Stay away from them they terrible
Outstanding, authentic, creative Mexican food. Those looking to go beyond burritos and explore Mexico's rich culinary traditions should pay La Mestiza a visit.
...Probably the most fun I've had eating haha.Tinuno is located just around the corner from Sherbourne station. The place was pretty packed on a Monday afternoon, but luckily we had placed reservations in advance (which I'd recommend, especially if you're coming with a group). The space itself is super casual, with an upstairs and downstairs dining space. Ambiance definitely isn't their forte, but if you're more of the "substance over surface" type of person then it shouldn't be a problem. We opted for the $15/person kamayan feast which contained a mix of garlic rice topped with squid, fish, BBQ pork, muscles, shrimp etc. The meal was great. Food was super flavourful, and portions were solid for a party of 6. Service was also friendly and prompt. If you're looking to try something new or just love Filipino food, then this place is a must!
Back to Lebowskis for beef on weck. Have to get the au jus to make it authentic. Great place. Good service. Good food.
Went through the drive thru and apparently I spoke too loudly.   Young African American girl came to the window to chew me out.   when I told her to stop talking to me she called me a Cracker and slammed the window shut.  When I spoke to the manager he told me that he would talk to her.   Seriously, if the role was reversed, I wouldn't be able to leave my house.  No response from the franchisee.
First time.  Food was wonderful and priced right for lunch.  Glad it was busy since that  means they are overcoming the location challenge .  pot stickers  (steamed) were very tender as was the beef in my sa cha beef with noodles. Will definitely be back
One of the best sandwiches in town?  Not hardly.   Not that bad for luncmeat on a baguette, and the price is right for what you get but what you get is not much. No drinks, small sandwiches, no sides and no seating. if you are in the neighborhood, and by that I mean already parked and out of your car, fine go there. Definitely not something you drive to.
I used to come to Marios in the old location.  First time here.  Prices are ridiculously high13 dollars for 10 wings?  Lasagna had some canned high salt sauce.  Its no wonder the place was empty at 1:00 pm on a Saturday afternoon.
What a disappointment. 13 dollars for three slices of tough brisket, grainy grits and undercooked greens. Will not darken your doors again.
Drive in young black girl got upset because I spoke too loudly in the speaker.  Came to the window to chew my ass about it.   When I told her too stop talking to me, she called me a "cracker" and slammed the window shut.  I spoke to the manager and he said he would talk to her.  Seriously!!!  If she worked for me she would have been escorted from the building.   Had I reciprocated, I would have made the 6 o'clock news. Just another reason to avoid this nasty Plaza altohether.
My husband and I came to Vegas for our anniversary and I knew I wanted to try and find somewhere that sold Sonoran dogs. He lived in Tucson AZ for two years and loves them, but it's hard to find a good version outside of AZ. We were really impressed with this place! We got the Sonoran dog and the Sinaluense smoothie. Both were so good! I would highly recommend this place. Definitely coming back!
Went here seeing it was one of the most popular dim sum restaurants in toronto. However no one has put into thought the demographic of the group. To the average Chinese family this place would be mediocre. Pricing is relatively expensive and they provide priority seating to the non-Asians as they are the ones who would go all out and earn more revenue with. Other then the above the food ain't bad. Hot, fresh,  and tasty. But can definitely find better else where. Expect a good wait in line on a weekend.
Being located on Victoria Park and 401, you do get a bit of congestion with the traffic, especially when the whole Consumer Road corporate world is located across the street. The place is located in a plaza with plenty of parking and is a place you cannot miss. When you enter the restaurant you see lots of space and the aura is loud exciting, as a bar should be. Each day there are drink and food specials. On this particular day (thursday) it was $11 for a pitcher of Canadian. Can't complain to that.Their poutine was a large portion. It was served on a large plate paltered with cheese and gravy. Nothing special but definitely a large meal. Their french onion soup is hot and onion-y as it should be. The prices are fair and nothing crazy.The servers can be better though. They do not really come check on you much and talk as if you are dumb. I guess my waitress was having a bad day.In the summer after a long day of softball, it is a great place to just stop by and have a few cold beers. Wish they had a patio but can't ask for much.Definitely worth coming by.
You never go wrong with supporting the homestead Jays. Although they aren't the greatest team in the decade, they will always be entertaining. There's nothing better then getting off work, hitting up a bar around the Rogers Centre then hopping in for a random game to only get more drinks. Yes we haven't been to he playoffs since 1993 but we will some day soon get there and when we do, you'll see that the fans of the Blue Jays are the most supportive out there. Definitely beats any other teams fanbase. But in all honesty, they have the curse of injuries and sinking development. But what makes them the greatest is they are trying. Working up from a great minor league system. Being smart with their trade/draft choices and getting rid of high cost with low quality purchases.I predict a world series win in the next 5 years.Go Jays Go!
I purposely came here to take advantage of the Bun Rieu. There aren't many places in Toronto that can master this succulent meal and this place pretty much had it the closest. The restaurant is pretty much the same as any other viet restaurant and mix in the area where it's located makes it even more authentic. The restaurant is fairly clean and has enough space to hold a mass amount of people.Their pho is pretty fresh and the broth is smooth. You don't get that thirsty feeling from the thousand ounces of MSG so that's good. It's not too salty, fatty and too little. The portion size is fair and the price shows it too. Definitely a must go but don't expect too much as it is definitely what you pay for.
Ever go to a supermarket to get groceries and realize how ridiculously expensive it is for some items? Well go to a chinese supermarket. Meat, poultry and produce are pretty fresh and cheap. The selections are pretty large and you can pick up some stuff that most conventional supermarkets do not supply. This particular supermarket is located the Peanut Plaza on Don Mills between Sheppard and Finch. The plaza is very small so that means parking is pretty small. Having a chinese supermarket means having bad drivers to go with it. Add in the small amounts of parking spots to the mix and you're in for a whirlwind. The store is fairly clean and organized but the staff are pretty nonchalant. So don't expect much service from them. The cashiers are young girls who don't say a word and just punch buttons and scan. The great thing about this place is they give bags for free, unlike the conventional stores (ie. Loblaws) that charge $0.05 for each bag. Yes we should be environmentally friendly but when you have a memory of a 2 year old and forget bags then it comes in handy.I always take advantage of this place when deciding to have hot pot since I get so much for so cheap.To make things better, there's a dollarama in the same plaza so might as well make your cheap experience cheaper.
Nothing special. Being predominantly Vietnamese you know what real bahn mi is.  So if you come here then just only go to try something different.So it's a fast take out spot. You walk in and line up to order from the screen. It's divided by bahn mi, steamed Bao and tacos. Each with pretty much the same toppings and selections. They kinda mix in Chinese, Thai,  and Viet cuisine to the menu. So don't let the name Bahn Mi fool you.I ordered the 5 Spice Steamed Bao. The bao was delicious. The 5 Spice Pork Belly was amazing. Portion was a good size. I also ordered the Kimchi Fries which was delicious fresh but very soggy after a few mins. It consist of fries, pulled pork, Kimchi and some mayo. Not too bad.One thing I do like is sadly the choice of beverages. They sell black cherry soda and specialty cokes. I know its not a big deal but it does matter to my meal.Overall it's ok and for me needs special cravings.
Tip: if you have enough points for a movie ticket, redeem them at VIP Cinemas (ie. Shops at Don Mills VIP). They are worth the same and you get served. Nothing better then getting a pitcher of beer served to you at your comfy reclining chair for the same prices as a general ticket.
I love Little Sheep.This establishment is a world wide and definitely put a name for themselves. They run their hot pot as a self server style environment. Each person gets a pot and a choice of soup. You have to go over to the common area and make your own dipping sauce and also go to the wall of food where you can pick as much raw food as you like at your own discretion. No need to order from a piece of paper and wait for it to come. You can control your own portions and keep eating at your own pace. The best part of this is it is also all you can drink. They have a fountain machine for a wide selection of pops. As well they have fountains for soy milk, plum juice, chrysanthemum tea or ice tea.The only con is their choices of dessert. They only have 3 small choices and they are just bite size pastries. Nothing special. Most hot pot locations have ice cream, mango pudding etc.They are so famous that they have their own soup base prepackaged and sold in chinese supermarkets. They definitely have a way to market themselves.Expect a long line up on weekends. It is advised to come in groups of 2 or consider sharing tables.Must go and you won't be disappointed.
So you watch Mind of Chef and you see how Chef David Chang came up with his work of art and it then makes you want to go pay a visit to his shrine. After having open a location in NYC, he decided to open his very own Momofuku in Toronto.With two different restaurants located in the same area, he has opened up his eatery to accommodate the fine and the casual. With Momofuku Noodle Bar being the casual and Daisho being fine. Today's review is solely on the Noodle Bar, which I have to admit is awesome but not awesome all at once.Let me explain. If you are going for the sole purpose of finding the best ramen noodles in town, then this is the wrong place to go. There are a thousand other ramen restaurants within a block radius of Momofuku that are a thousand times better and more traditional. However if you go to Momofuku you are not going for the ramen. You are going for the experience. You first walk into a glass square building attached to the amazing Shangri-La Hotel. First thing you see is a wide open concept with high stools and chairs and a bunch of stairs leading up to a random fridge (will explain later). He keeps the idea of a noodle bar literally like a bar. You sit, eat, drink and leave. The kitchen is pretty open and you can see the cooks do their best work. Good news is it's located right by the underground Path by University Ave and Queen Street. The atmosphere is great and the staff are super nice. They don't have a real beverage bar but simply have a small counter with a mini fridge that stores their beers and drinks.Going upstairs you will find a fridge filled with Momofuku goodies such as cookies, pies and clothing. Consider this their mini store that specialize in their very own cookies and pies. You are welcome to go up anytime to grab your goodies and bring it down to your table. They will tally it up and add it to your bill at the end. When you get a chance, grab the compost cookies and their crack pie. AMAZE-BALLS!!As for the food at the noodle bar, I typically get the pork buns and the Momofuku Ramen. The pork buns are two steamed buns stuffed with fatty pork belly, hoisin, scallion, and cucumber. They give you a cute little bottle of Sriracha sauce to go with it. The ramen itself is great but the soup and topics I find aren't too good. It's not filling and you always come out feeling ill as it's super fatty. You get pork belly & shoulder, fish cake, and egg. Again, I definitely only came here for the experience, not the ramen.Would I come here on a regular basis? Definitely not but I would come when I have a guest and I feel like buying their compost cookies, which by the way I bought 12 of them for $22 the other day. Definitely worth trying.
I'm sad that I have to give this place this rating as my experience was not great.First off, keeping in mind that this place is located on the ghetto west end, you can't expect much in terms of experience but you would at least expect the food to be great. Going in it was very busy which is a good sign. I got seated at a dirty table which they came and 'cleaned' with a napkin from the dispenser on the table. Then all they did was sweep everything from the table to the floor. Then they gave us the menu with a small order sheet to write our order but forgot the pen.I ordered a large Pho Dac Biet but when the lady was bringing it she spilled half it on the floor and herself. Instead of refilling the bowl and cleaning it she brought the bowl with beef and soup hanging off the edges to our table and served it this way. Not only was it super messy but very uncomfortable to eat this way. If you look at the photos you will see that the lady is on the floor cleaning the mess... with her bare hands.The coffee was not drip coffee. It was done through their espresso machine and took them 2 mins to make and serve.Then when the bill came, i placed my card on the tray and said they only take cash. No signs were displayed of this. Good thing I understood a bit of vietnamese because i over heard them telling to the rest of the staff loudly that "this guy did not bring cash"... and "Chuh oy he should be more prepared"... how the F*!# was i supposed to know they took cash only if they didn't even display a sign about it. Luckily for me the convenience store had an ATM machine next door.Other then the service and experience, the food phone was pretty good. Hot, big portion and tasty. Overall i would give 2 out of 5 and will never come back again.
Not a big fan of this McDonalds. They can't stick with one structure. It's either two lines or one line. Then there's another line for order pick up which people waiting in line get mixed up in. Part of it is once you walk in it is one aisle the merges directly to the cashier. Messes things up.They have recently upgraded their screens so now it's super high tech and very appealing. Only problem with this is now they are showing McDonald's ads which takes the customer away from the actual menu for about 20 seconds. So imagine you get to the cashier and you need to make a decision on your order but have to wait for the ad to go by before you see the menu and then you are limited in time before the ad pops up again. Just not efficient at all.They have a separate kids zone which I take advantage of if you want peace and want to avoid the crowd. Yes it's or kids but when kids are in school and you're there during lunch then i'll endure Caillou for 20 mins and eat at peace.Restaurant is clean and drinks are self serve, which is awesome for refills. Not all locations have implemented this yet.I would say this place is neutral.. nothing special about it.
This place is amazing. This place is an open concept cafeteria style hipster joint. You walk in and you see lots of long benches for seating. It's open seating so you do not get seated. You seat yourself. On the left side of the place is the bar with a large selection of craft beers. Probably 20 beers on tap and 80+ in bottles available. On the left side of the place is the food ordering location. They specialize in Wvrst, hence the name. I must say the Duck Foie Gras sausage is by far my most favourite sausage. You get to pick 2 toppings such as Sauerkraut, sweet onions etc. And whether you want it on a bun or not. Their duck fries are also very amazing. No one can argue fries fried in duck fat. When ordering is done they give you a number sign to bring to your table and they bring the food to you.On weekends there is quite a line to get in but it's not very long at all as this place is more of an in and out place to eat. It is located on King West so be weary about the parking and busyness of the clubs and bars surrounding it.My suggestion is to hit up Lee's restaurant next door for a nice dinner then go for a post dinner drink and late night snack at Wvrst.if you are ever not happy then you can go across the street to the Bier Market.Highly recommended and definitely worth the trip to this place. Too bad they don't have their sausages available to buy at grocery stores. I'd be all over that.
Update... so i've noticed they have not included my receipt for my order the last several times. I thought i'd test it out and check for sure and today they didn't give the receipt again. So I asked them for a receipt and they refused to give me one.My theory is that this would prevent people like us from complaining to head office as they do require the receipt #.Watch out
After watching Masterchef Canada Season One and seeing Eric Chong win, I just had to jump on the opportunity to try out his restaurant. Thanks to the mentorship of Alvin Leung, he's definitely build a great career for himself.R&D, a nice modern style/hipster-ish restaurant represents a new look and fresh start to Chinatown Toronto. Located in the place of the once Strada 241, you'll really need to look carefully for the place. The restaurant exterior is dark and with a small R&D sign so you'll really need to look twice to find it. Once you enter the restaurant you get a great feel of openness and hospitality. You see an awesome bar with a few beer taps and wall display. The kitchen is open so you can see what everyone is doing... including Chef Eric Chong and Nelson Tsai themselves. A little further in you'll see the really nice dining display. The floors and ceiling are laid with old wood giving a very cool hipster feel.The menu is very simple with a great selection of appetizers, plates and platters. The appetizers consist of his famous dumplings (or in otherwords his grand dad's dumplings), skewers and independent sides. The plates consist of entree dishes such as Lobster Chow Mein, Crab Bimbimbap and Sweetbreads. The platters from looking at other tables are massive with 76hour Peking Duck, General Sanders' Chicken which was oddly fried chicken with HK egg waffles. Definitely something different.I had ordered the following:1) CSB - Cha Siu Bao - instead of the typical steamed bun served at dim sum. It was a fresh baked bun stuffed with delicious bbq pork. This is made every hour and we were lucky to get a fresh batch. The waitress reserved them for us. it comes in 2 pieces and cost $8.2) Grandpa's Fun Guo - chicken and black truffle steamed dumplings - 3 piece dish at $9 was definitely the highlight of the night for me. This was made by the hands of Eric himself as he came to our table to tell us that. Great dish and wish they served more. I'd get a large order of it.3) Sweetbreads - Oyster sauce, crispy seaweed, mushroom, sweet potato - a nice entree dish with fried sweetbread chunks missed in oyster sauce and topped with large portions of crispy seaweed. It was tasty but not something I'd order much of. $18.4) Crab Bimbimbap - R&D chili sauce, kimchi egg - a typical bimbimbap dish with small chunks of crab and egg. The server comes with a typical korean stew dish, stuffed with rice and kimchi, and with a small side dish of hot sauce which gets poured into the main burning hot dish with the rice. He mixes it thoroughly and leaves it to sit for a few mins. You get the nice crispy rice at the end. Definitely goes well with the Sweetbread if you have any left. $18.If you're lucky Eric will come by your table and check on how your meal was. He has no problem taking photos and talking to you. Had a great 10 minute chat with him, explaining his experience with Alvin and trips around the world. Great inspiration and definitely worth going.I give 4 out of 5 only because it was not easy to find and the sign was small. But if this was on food only, i'd give a perfect score.
I'm a bit confused but also amused.I've seen the chinese and koreans run japanese restaurants. I've also seen the chinese run vietnamese restaurants. But I have never seen koreans run vietnamese restaurants. Being located on Spring Garden, just north of Sheppard by Yonge Street and a well known japanese and korean area, you would not expect to see a random Pho restaurant to be in this place. There's always a first for everything and I thought i'd give it a try.Stepping into the restaurant it was clean, modern and comfortable. The staff was friendly and offered assistance right away. If i did not know about this area I would have thought it was a typical modern vietnamese pho restaurant. As I open the menu I was caught off guard with the choices. You have appetizers which consisted of spring rolls, rice wraps and salad. The next page was a selection of Pho.... so far so good. Then you turn the page and you have a large list of korean dishes ranging from Soon Tofu to Jap Chae to Korean Pancakes. Add to the mix, a choice of Thai dishes. Once you order you will be served with a few side dishes like any typical korean joint. At this point i'm more confused.I ordered a large bowl of Special Spring Garden Pho, which was pretty much equivalent to Pho Dac Biet at a normal pho spot. A large is a perfect size for an average hungry man otherwise medium will do. It was fairly priced at $7.95. The soup came out very hot, not lacking noodles or meat toppings. One thing I always judge in pho is the amount of fat and MSG accumulated. Surprisingly it really was not that bad. I was not running for water due to thirst and i did not feel like i was guzzling a mug of fat. I always order an Iced Vietnamese Coffee no matter what viet restaurant i go to. This place sells it for $4 which i find quite pricey. It was however tasty and did have that nutty viet coffee taste that it should have. One big problem restaurants have with the coffee is they always over do it with the condense milk. Not this place.Overall 3 out of 5 for me. I'd definitely come back since it covers my two favourite food types... korean and viet.A few notes that may help you... Spring Garden is not parking friendly. Yes there's Green-P street parking but it usually is full and it cost an arm and a leg. 50 metres away on the east side of Doris there is a residential area. Park there as it's free. There is also one unobvious spot literally on the north east corner of Doris and Spring Garden but on Doris itself.
Being located in North York around Yonge and Sheppard, makes it such a convenient location to visit. It's one of the only bars around that stretch that sells pub style food and beers. Everything else around that area are korean/japanese or random joints. The next closest pub style bar would be st louis north of Frog. The whole Firkin franchise has recently revamped their look and now have this modern touch to their environment. They have new couches, seating, and decor. Their menus are redone and have great selection in food.This particular location has an upstairs patio and pool table and a mini bar. Their bottom floor is more quieter and intimate.The waitresses are mediocre as some can be rude and some can be nice. Depends on the day.The food portions are massive and definitely worth the price you pay. if you feel like coming out full and feeling gross (but in a good way) then definitely come here.I enjoy this place more so for the group atmosphere. I bring my teams here after a game and enjoy a few pints.I wish they had more beer specials or team specials. They used to sponsor Toronto Sports and Social Club and provide us a platter if we bring our team and show our TSSC ID's but they don't anymore. Too bad.Either way, for the location and convenience, it's worth going here.
There are some places that I question and this one is definitely one of them. First off the name of this franchise in chinese translates to 'Fat Cow Noodles' with a picture of a fat cow. However the english name that is displayed is "Pho Vietnamese Delight". Always a big pet peeve of mine when it comes to chinese vs english names for businesses.This place is no where near authentic viet but the food is still good. The portion sizes are massive and you do get your bank for your buck. A small pho is almost like a medium-large. Can you imagine what their large is like? I'm a big eater but I can barely finish a small on its own. The broth is flavorful and not fatty like other places such as XeLua and Pho88. However the broth also is a bit different then genuine pho. There's something about it that makes you want more. You WILL be thirsty afterwards as they over power your meal with MSG.  The other dishes such as rice or vermicelli dishes are as well very good. Portion sizes are big for those too.Service wise, they are crap. Like all their franchise locations, they follow the stereotypical chinese/mainland service with rudeness, dirtyness and greedy for cash. Like for example, i do not appreciate having my table wiped clean with the same cloth used to wipe the food/soup that was spilled on the floor. I do not like to be moved to another table midway through my meal to accommodate a larger group. I also do not like the bill served to me when i'm still eating to hint that i need to go to accommodate others. I also do not like to be told that the amount on the bill is before tax and tip although i'm still taking out cash from a different pocket to accommodate the tax and tip. Oh and the greatest one yet, having their server speak to you in mandarin but realize you do not understand them so they make some snarly remark. I questioned "pardon me"?... he gives me the "argh" and shoves me back. All of the above has happen in multiple occasions but why do I come back? Well it is because it's the closest pho place near my work and the broth is good. Otherwise I would never come back.Would I recommend this place? Yes but ONLY if you drop your standards.
I think this LCBO is one of the betters ones in the sense that they have a separate cold area to keep the beers cold. Other LCBO's just have a wall cooler. This one you actually walk in a separate room that is literally a refrigerator. The wine and liquor selection is not bad. One negative thing is the plaza is small and parking is restrictive. The place where the cashier is close to the aisles so if line gets long it will merge into the aisles. This can be bad on busy days when you need to wheel around a cart.The staff are very nice and very helpful.They tend to have issues with the card machine as it tends to reject certain credit cards. They haven't improved their technology.Once you have finished your purchase you can walk next door to mcdonalds.. just saying.
So those who know me know that I like oysters (and pho) so when there's a deal i'm all over it. I came to take advantage of their 100 for $100 oyster deal. This is only on Thursdays from 6pm-10pm. The deal covers Fanny Bay and Malpac oysters.Food: Oysters were good however when you go for 100 there will be one that fails you. I think I had one that was bad and i was sick the next day. I don't blame the restaurant for that. I'm just the idiot who likes to eat 100 oysters. They only had two sauces with the oysters (cocktail sauce and some balsamic vinegar sauce). If you go to Nome Izakaya on Tues and Weds they have $1 oysters in bulks of dozens and they have 6-8 difference sauces.Their beer selections were fair and they had craft beers.Atmosphere: The ambience was good. Dark with candles lit. Can be loud but nothing you can't handleLocation: Not a big fan of the location. It's right behind St James Cathedral and hidden. Easy to missPrice: pricing is fair. I only came for the oysters so I'll say that deal is good.Overall, great place to hang out and chill.  I would recommend everyone going at least once.
Sharon Garden is one of a few restaurants part of a chain.. ie. Song Cook (located at Yonge and Steeles). This one is located at McNicoll and Victoria Park hidden at the back of a plaza. It is a nicely renovated restaurant with a large space which holds probably about 100 guest if needed. They have private rooms, floor sitting dining as well as regular dining tables. The far back of the restaurant is their massive restaurant which holds and displays everything from Makgeolli (korean rice wine) to take out food displays. Once you walk in you get greeted nicely to a space that is fully equipped with utensils, table mat (menu) and an actual menu. Each spot has a buzzer button where you can press when you need attention. if you feel like having fun then try pressing it as many time as possible (joking).The food portion are huge and so is the selection. The food is fresh, hot and delicious. Every order comes with side dishes which is common in the Korean dining culture. Pricing wise i think it is a tad steep but for the comfort then it's worth it.Parking is a bit ugly and tight so beware of this on weekends. Give this place a try, it's not too bad to go here every so often to enjoy a nice hot bowl of Kam Ja Tang (pork bone soup).
Like any other typical chinese cafe/restaurant, it's busy, cheap and provides lots of choices.What used to be Grass Mountain Villa Restaurant who was dim sum serving by day and gourmet chinese feast by night, has been transformed into a more simple and faster chinese cafe restaurant. They have many focuses ranging from bbq meats, fresh seafood, baked rice/spaghetti dishes and breakfast style meals. Each meal typically comes with a drinks, especially during the lunch specials. They have combos to choose from which can consist of a bowl of noodle soup, egg sandwich and a drink for a cheap as $5.The service is fair. Just don't expect fine service as you would at a Milestones or Moxies. It's simply a typically hong kong style eatery where you get fast service and fast meals for cheap prices. You're literally in and out within 30 mins.The restaurant is clean however it did just open several months ago so give it time and it'll get grungy. The plaza is pretty competitive with Pho Vietnamese Delight, Congee Delight, and the new AYCE japanese restaurant (name cannot recall). Since the inception of Tasty BBQ Seafood Restaurant, they have already bumped off Fantaxia, who is now the new AYCE japanese restaurant. Lets see who else the can compete with.The parking is not good at all with a No Frills at the same location. So you'll need to be ready to park far. My suggestion is to just park by the Pizza Hut and walk.Anyways, overall if you want a quick and decently priced meal, then check out this restaurant.
I've tried my fair share of Poke since it started up a few years back and North Poke has topped the list for me. Location: located at the tip of Chinatown in a new trendy area at the Baldwin strip. Walking distance from Kensington Market.Food: I typically say clear of Spam but this would be the only time where spam is acceptable. The Terayaki Musubi makes you wonder why Spam was ever packaged in a can. They have included the option for you to have tasters where you can try 3 poke for around $15. Great way to feel it out before picking your main choice.There's no doubt that my favourite bowl is Salmon - Waimea Poke. Yelpers get perks for eating here... Just make sure you ask what the current deals are. Overall, my latest craze... try it.. you won't regret it.
Great bar. Upon arrival there is a bouncer who can only let you know if you're on the list or be put on the list. He allows you to sit/stand in the patio area, which right now is covered and heated since it is winter. Once they are inside to seat you inside they will come and get you.The minute you come in the first thing you notice is the design of the interior. It has this Gaudi feel to it. Those who have been to Barcelona would understand Gaudi's work. The ambiance is great. Loud, dark, comforting. The lighting of the bar helps illuminate the atmosphere a bit.Food wise, it was ok. Nothing special. If you've been to Spain then you will never get the same type of tapas food as you would get there. But this will do for now.Their drinks are awesome. Very unique and flavorful. I think i had a little too much of it.I came here to bring my buddy from Boston. He enjoyed it and made a Vlog about it. Enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVC1C3ixQJ8
I'm not a pro when it comes to korean style cuisines but this place is not at the top of my list of korean places to visit. Located just north of Sheppard on Yonge, surrounded by Nome Izakaya, Joons, Frog and the FIrkin and Boston Pizza, you have a hipster-ish style place. There was not really a big sign to really distinguish it's plot but it's popular enough to know it's there. Once you walk in to the restaurant you get a really cool rustic, war chamber like feel. With antique wall hangers and handles, wooden wall panels and metal panel ceiling, you definitely feel you're in the hipster category of places to eat. The place has old-school marquee signs as a wall display with old mid 20th century posters on the wall.The staff were friendly but a bit all over the place. The hostess was my server and bus-girl and bartender. They were quick to seat me even though they were busy. Must have been my lucky day. The menu was 3 pieces of printed paper in a school clip-folder that was falling a part and stained. I feel they could do better with that at least. The selections were great but a bit confusing. I feel the choices were a mix of mexican and korean. I ordered the following:- Kalbi Tacos - $5 for single of $12 for 3. Literally kalbi beef slices in a taco shell. It came soggy and was falling apart. Had to fork it after the first attempt.- Kimchi Fries w/ Bulgogi - i think $13. This was great. It was literally was fries with kimchi, bulgogi meat (extra) and some cream sauce similar to sour cream.- Spicy Seafood Stew aka Jampong - $10 for small bowl enough for 2 people. It was very spicy and hearty. Lots of fresh seafood such as crab legs, mussels, cuttlefish and shrimp. Suggetion, order it with the ramen or purple rice (extra $2 for either).The above three items were just enough for 2 people. Overall, it was a satisfying adventure. I would give it 3 out of 5. For korean, i've definitely been to better. But for the convenience and to chill with friends, definitely a great place to hang.
Being Viet and residing in North York, having this place within close driving distance is a huge bonus. Most of the pho locations in North York are mainly chinese run and have that missing Vietnamese touch to their food. Got a tad East of North York and you'll find Bong Lua. it is located in a small plaza in the corner of Huntingwood and Birchmount. It is a small joint that holds around 30-40 customers. Their menu is pretty large but not unmanageable at all.There are two things that makes me return to this restaurant time and time again:1) the Nem Nuong is MASSIVE. A typical rice wrap roll is about the size of a normal spring roll however at this place their rolls are literally bigger then my hands and they give you two of them. They don't even do this in Vietnam but whatever.. it's good.2) they server Bun Rieu - a Crap Paste Noodle Soup. There are not many locations in Toronto in general that serve this dish and to find it in Scarborough is amazing. When you do find it most will serve it with fake crab meat. This place gives you the actual crab with shell.The staff is great and friendly and they go out of the way to remember your order. I come so often that they remember my order. They are a family owned restaurant.The food portions are large and pricing is fair.The restaurant is fairly clean.There will be some points where you will need to wait for your seat but they are fast to get you a table. Sometimes too quick if you are the one finishing up and others are waiting.They close on Tuesdays so don't make the mistake of going there on their off day only to be disappointed.Highly recommended. Although there's better, it is definitely one of the better places uptown unless you get yourself to the west end of Toronto.
Best place ever. The food is very fusion and hipster-like. The atmosphere is lively and very modern. Open kitchen view and central bar area. It is located in North York just at the outside of Bayview Village Mall. The restaurant is run by the famous Claudio Aprile of Masterchef Canada and is just next door to Michael Bonacini's O&B Restaurant.The food choices are fair and prices are also fair. They usually say it is good to order 2 apps and one main dish to cover your hunger. Don't expect for a cheap bill as the prices are pretty up there but you are definitely getting what you are paying for.Although the restaurant may seem like an upscale type of restaurant, I from time to time make it a trip to just chill at the bar in my sweats and watch the game at their bar. They have a good 6-8 craft beers on tap and a wide selection of craft beers in bottles. Their bar tops are great and the bartenders are very experienced who do not make elementary level beverages. They can also customize your menu if you have a party of 6+ to make your party much more manageable. Very open concept.Must go!You won't regret it.
This restaurant is not easy to find. It's in the back of the crammed jtown plaza. Pay close attention to the hours of operation as they are closed during odd hours in the day. You could be stuck stranded without ramen. They are next to another ramen shop, well a cafe that sells ramen, but still why would they need back to back ramen shops?When you first walk in you are asked if you want the cafe or ramen. It is randomly split into 2 sides but the seating area looks communal. well technically 3 sdes as the right side is a large area displaying ramen dishes for purchase. Very odd. The selections of ramen are average and prices are fair. The ramen is nothing special. The broth is a bit bland and the ramen itself is definitely not freshly made. I can see it being taken out of a package. The egg is not soft boiled. Both our eggs were full boiled which disappointed me because they advertised soft boiled and my main reason for ramen is for the egg (in my opinion).The place is deserted during the day.If you're craving ramen and you are in the area of Vic Park and Steeles then i would go to this place as the only other choice is Ajisen Ramen, whch in my opinion is very commercialized and more chinese-based. At lease Niwatei is from the heart of the Japs.. i'll give them that. But if you really wanted good ramen then i would head downtown for places like Sansotei, Santouka or Kinton Ramen. You'll definitely see a difference once you go there.Overall, not bad of a place. Could be better.
Try their chicken bucket deal.  $15.99 for a bucket of butter milk chicken and a large pint of bud with Cole slaw. Sweet deal.
This place is a quick mom and pop shop.. or as they call a cafe that sells ramen and other dishes... really doesn't suit the name.But their service is great. They have great coffee for a decent price. The environment is clean.Unfortunately this restaurant is not easy to find. It's in the back of the crammed jtown plaza. Pay close attention to the hours of operation as they are closed during odd hours in the day. You could be stuck stranded without food. They are next to another ramen shop, but still why would they need back to back ramen shops?The place is deserted during the day.Overall, not bad of a place. Could be better.
I love beer. To hold an event just for that is already going to get a great rating.There are usually 2 large beer festivals that go on in a year. One of them is the Toronto Beer Festival in July and then this one The Roundhouse Winter Craft Beer Festival. This one is much smaller then the one in Aug but still holds about 2 dozen brewers compared to the 150 at the Aug event. The tickets in advance are $20 or $25 at the door (limited quantity) and you get a nifty mug to have your beer poured into. If you are going for the door tickets but expect to be there for 8am to line up for them as they will only have around 100 available. I arrived for 10am thinking I can get in but was shut down 5 guys from the gate. They advised to come back around 2pm to maybe let more in but was no guarantees. So we left, went to Real Sports bar for some grub then came back to again be shut down 5 guys from the gate (what were the odds). Luckily we were able to do some magic and was able to get in. Lesson learned, get tickets in advanced. If you do have advanced tickets then prepare to wait a while to get in as they pace the number of people entering to make the event smoother to handle. As well they have to check ID, give you bracelets and do a security check on you.Once you do get in, you'll be greeted with a free toque and with someone selling tokens for the drinks. They are $1 each but sell in packs of 10 or 20. Most of the brewers are Ontario brewers unlike the Aug event has brewers from all over Canada and U.S. Most will charge 1 token for a half glass or 2 for a full, but here's a little trick, always ask for a half glass they will always over pour. Or just say 'be generous' and they'll give you more anyways. They always want you to be happy and to enjoy yourself. If you are cold then no worries, they have the Steam Whistle brewery for you to go into to warm up. There is a washroom there which is usually the longer line since it's indoor. If you want a quicker washroom line then go to the portal potties located to the left of the Steam Whistle. They have live DJ's performing with a dance area and lots of heated lamps or isolated camp fires for you to keep warm. I definitely enjoyed my time there and would recommend going each year. Just come early or buy your tickets early and get ready for the cold. Cheers!!
This is one of the better Chinese banquet restaurants in toronto. The atmosphere is clean and the food is great. The 10 course menu is fairly proceed and fresh. The servers are very kind and show you great hospitality by getting you what you need and provides great explanations on what they're serving. The plaza on the other hand can be crammed as it is one of the popular ones in Richmond Hill but if you squeeze through then you can park in the underground. Watch out for the red clothes used in placement of napkins. Leave them on your lap too long and you may get a permanent red stain on your pants. I learned the hard way and stained my lap.Overall a great place to eat and a great bank for your buck.
Don't go to the Bier Markt. They are bullshit when it comes to bringing in innocent cupcakes to celebrate someone's birthday. They went as far as saying that we may "poison people" around us with the cupcakes. The GM guarded us at the entrance making sure NOTHING comes in. We were forced to go outside to eat. What's stopping me from giving these cupcakes to the people in line? The management would keep coming back to our table to make sure we weren't sneaking in any cupcakes. Their service is so slow. Their menu's gone down hill and they FORCE you to choose from fixed menus if you have a party size of 15+. I originally booked for 20 but since the pre-fixed menus were garbage I was forced to reduce my invites to eat from their normal menu. They would try and squeeze in my group so they can accommodate other.If you do go, go for the beer but not for the food. If you can, pass this on to all the people you can. I'm super bitter about their bullshit and want to bring them down.
I would have to say that WonderPho is pretty WonderPho... haha get it? *lame*So this place is located in a very unexpected location... Don Mills and York Mills. Away from all the competition. The plaza where it is located consist of Menchies, Fox in the Fiddle, Galleria and Dragon Pearl Buffet. So coming on the wrong day can render you into a traffic jam in the parking lot.When I first walk in to WonderPho I found the atmosphere very modern and cool. It's definitely not your typical viet/pho restaurant in the west end of Toronto. They definitely target the more middle to upper class group, especially since there are a lot of office buildings around its location. The placemat is the menu and the selections are simple and concise, unlike the pages of items other places have. Upon being seated you get served water, a basket of taro chips and a cute waitress to go along with it. The staff are very nice, young and hip making the experience more related to my type of feel. The food is very good here. Not traditional but they definitely carry their own style. The pho portions are big. The broth is just right (in my opinion) and they provide lots of toppings to go with it. They definitely don't chince you out on the amount of beef in your pho. They provide options to add extra items for a few bucks more. Price-wise, it is very pricey. A bowl of pho regular size is around $9. Add $2 and you have yourself a large size, in otherwords a meal for 2. The ice vietnamese coffee (Ca Phe Sua Da), is $3 and they doing it the traditional way with the dripping filter. I hate places that serve it through an espresso machine.Would I recommend this place? If you have a few extra dollars to spare and don't feel like going out of the North York area then i would definitely come back.I dare someone to do the Pho Challenge at WonderPho. I asked about it and they told me 15 attempts and only 1 completed it. Here are more details about it - http://www.wonderpho.ca/pho-challenge.html
Location is not bad. It is in an unexpected place but there aren't many Chinese restaurants within the area so its good.Environment is clean and a typical lively Hong Kong style atmosphere. Gotta have your Chinese news channel blaring in the background.Food is not bad. A bit greasy but its Chinese food. Wouldn't be the same if it wasn't greasy. Portion size was quite a bit and pricing is fair. They provide soup, soy milk or chrysanthemum team for each order. Soup was bland and I couldn't finish it.They have lunch specials but promote it on a sign outside, not inside. So be sure to do your studying and let them know.Overall the place is fair. Nothing special. I'd come back but only if there aren't other options or if I'm indecisive on where I want to go.
If I were to rank ramen places that I have tried in Toronto, I would put this as #2 (#1 being Santouka). The main reason why I like this place is because it's the main true ramen restaurant in the north end of the city. Everything else is located downtown. In the north this place is competing against Kenzo Ramen, Kinton Ramen and Ajisen Ramen.This place is not easy to find with the bare eye. It's right on Yonge and McKee, next to the korean H-Mart and across from Owl of Minerva. It's a small mom and pop restaurant covered in all wood. I happen to go when it was not busy and in a middle of a snow storm. It seats around 30 people with a wide open view of the kitchen. The menu selection is limited but enough to accompany the common customer. There are 4 ramen  choices: Hakata Tonkatsu (simple miso ramen), Black Tonkatsu (miso with black garlic flavour), Red Hot Tonkatsu (a tad spicier with korean spicy paste), Chashu Tonkatsu (same as Hakata Tonkatsu but with extra pork belly). The appetizer selection are also scarce with the simple edamame, chicken wings, fried chicken and soy based tofu. The ramen was thinner and (in my opinion) fit better with the soup base they are serving. The other locations have the typical thick ramen which just becomes too heavy for the meal. The soup base was fair and not too salty, which is why I think Kinton was not listed on top of this place. They give you 4 pieces of pork belly for all the ramen bowls except for Chashu Tonkatsu where they give you another 4 pieces. The soft boiled egg is good but not included with the meal and the yoke is soft. I hate it when I go to places and the egg is hard and overcooked and even worst if the yoke is cooked. That pisses me off the most.There was a special where if you order an appetizer you can receive a Sapporo draft for $3.80. Overall this place is quick, clean and simple. Portions are fair and so is the pricing.Highly recommend this place... just do it.
I'm a big fan of Chatime since the day it become real in Toronto. The drinks great with lots of options. With choices of how much sugar, ice, toppings is really makes it flexible for you.Due to its popularity the line ups are pretty long, despite the boom in locations in  the Greater Toronto Area. They have an awesome points system where they give you a tap card that counts the number of purchases you make. For every 10 you get a free drink and if you accumulate 100 life time you become elite where you get access to drink and food perks going forward. It does seem like a lot to reach but really if you like it it won't take long to reach that goal.If you want fast food style drinks then this place is awesome. If you want fancy and healthy style drinks then you may want to go to such places like TenRens etc. This is meant to be a hangout joint and a quick stop to chill.Highly recommended and very addictive.
If you want Ramen and want quantity then go to Kenzo. Their portions are very big and are not shy of any toppings. Their noodles are refreshing and their broth is very tasty. Not too salty and not too sweet.Their menu holds just enough selection for everyone, with a good amount of appetizers to choose from. They have many locations across the GTA making it very convenient to satisfy your craving.As per my previous reviews for other ramen restaurants, I would not consider this one of my top ramen restaurants. With competition quickly closing in, I find they each have their own specialties. Kenzo specializes in quantity, Kinton specializes in their artisty in making ramen, Hakata specializing in their special variations of ramen, Momofuku specializes in their experience etc. This is my opinion at least. I would just go to Sansotei or Santouka downtown. They have much better ramen, broth and EGG. My rule of thumb is if they jappy then i'm happy meaning they are run by the japanese rather then others such as Chinese or koreans. I like my food as traditional as possible.Would I recommend this place? Yes, only if you are hungry and want a convenient place for ramen.
So if you don't mind having money drained from your wallet and you have an expensive taste then you'll definitely enjoy Holt Renfrew. I'm totally guilty of this.With three locations, one being downtown at Yonge and Bloor, another at Sherway Garden and this location in Yorkdale Mall, gives a variety of locations to choose from. Being located in one of the biggest malls in Toronto, you get to have other reasons to pay a visit to this store. The store consist of booths and boutique stores that will give a great focus on specific product lines. Having boutique stores such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Gucci, Prada etc, will allow each store to display their very own look and brands the way they want to. Holt's main focus is to sell only and nothing but independent and high end brands from all over the world.With valet parking and greeters, makes the store experience must more special as they would treat you with great honour. The staff is super nice and their service is super great. Every so often you'll catch a sale event that will give you crazy deals such as 70% off and hourly specials from specific boutique brands. if you can get to these, be ready for some fighting and shoving. With pricing being sky-rocketed, any sale that you can grab, take it. If hungry or thirsty during shopping then hit up the Holt Cafe for some grub. it's pricy but the food is more gourmet rather then the typical fast food. The bloor location is an actual restaurant but the Yorkdale location is more pre-made food. I would honestly just go to the mall and get your food from there if you're join to spend that much on food that you can get cheaper else where.Nevertheless, you'll only need to go there to buy rare things unless you have a very serious problem and buy purses/shoes as much as you do with candy and coffee. But if you do want something fancy, pricey and elegant, then come here.
So this is one of those pubs you go to when it's convenient and you really feel like having a pint to get your evening going after a hard days work.Located on Sheppard between Don Mills and Victoria Park, makes it a unreachable location... not conveniently at least. It is surrounded by a bunch of office buildings on the south side of Sheppard and all residential on the north. It is a typical Irish pub. You walk in with a very woody Irish feel. You get the typical mini juke box, vending machine with condoms, candy and gum and an old pool table at the back. Of course I get greeted by an Indian person asking if I wanted to try their curry or butter chicken. Haha! I'm still figuring this whole Irish pub and Indian cuisine connection.My experience was particularly weird. I sat at the part intending to only have a pint and leave. But then at a specific time a bunch of regulars came in and surrounded me with mini machines in their hands. They all knew each others names, personality and perhaps personal life. Turns out most of the days at the same time they all gather and play those digital trivia games that get displayed on a big screen and you get to pick your answer from your device. I felt very out of place but they were all welcoming.The drinks were fair with their daily specials. Food wise looked good and based on my past experience wasn't bad either. Overall it was good. Nothing special.  Like I said it was only a convenient place to visit. I'd still come back. Next time to join the crew in trivia pursuit.... canadian style.
Bad experience.Pro's:- The noodles are freshly made and they give you a choice of the type and size. - The broth is good with the noodle soups.Con's:- The noodle maker is constantly pounding the dough however with such a small space the banging sound just shakes everyone up. My friend jumped out of her seat a few times. Heard a few screams in the background.- The staff are quite rude. I saw the dishwashing guy confront his female cook and accidentally cut her with the cleaver. He was yelling at her... of course in mandarin.- It was quite busy that they were rushing people out. I still had one more dish coming and since they forgot about it they slapped the bill to us. We told them we weren't done. - They ask if i wanted spicy and I said yes. They came with the noodle soup and a mountain of chilli oil in it. It was waaaayyy too much and i had to scoop it out. I guess that is subjective.Overall:I'd only go back for the noodles. Not the staff. This place is good for those who have not experienced chinese pulled noodles. But other than that, there's nothing there for me to hold on to. I wish them all the best but they won't survive.
So this will probably only one of many reviews as this one will be based on the NYE 2015 set experience so to be fair I never had their normal menu.We booked our reservation for 10:00pm on New Years Eve hoping we would get our food on time to celebrate for the countdown. Turns out it did not work out as planned.We were seated on time and took awhile for the waiter to ask us if we wanted drinks. Given it was busy but it would usually be the first thing done within the first 5 mins of seating.The menu was set so there wasn't much choice. It was set at $85 for the following (http://t.co/wBu2qfUhNO):Amuse Bouche - Lobster Panna Cotta with Coconut Lemongrass FoamFrench Salsifi Puff Pastry Tart - Puree of Apple, French TruffleAssam Crab Salad with Avocado & Potatoes - Avocado, Baby Shrimp Thailandaise Lotus Root ChipCoffee Marinated Bison - Foie Gras Marsala expresso Emulsion, Cranberry & Raspberry Jam, Swiss Cheese Rosti, Roasted Brussels SproutsFrench & Chinese Tong Yuen - Banana Blueberry Compote, Orange Creme AnglaiseAll was delicious but I was hoping they would also sell some of the usual items from their normal menu. Especially their famous Singaporean Slaw. I get it is from his dad's restaurant Lee but I know they serve it here as well. Given that it was a NYE event, you would think they would notify us of the countdown. Turns out NO ONE was following the countdown and I had to wing it with my own watch. Once we manually counted down, only our table tapped glasses and then back to eating. It was pretty sad and not what I had expected for New Years.Oh well lesson learned.But overall the food was great, the staff could be better but I'll give it another chance when i go on a normal day.Still recommended.
To start off, I ate two bowls of this and a plate of veggies.This place is located at a plaza located at the corner of Brimley and Sheppard. Parking is scarce but just enough to accommodate the amount of people coming in.The restaurant is a typical Hong Kong style noodle house where you walk-in, order from a simplified menu of select noodles and appetizers and go fetch your own drinks at the communal tea dispenser.I ordered (two bowls of) Wonton Noodle soup with a side of steamed veggies with oyster sauce. Once you order it took them literally 1 min to get the food out. It's simple for them to make and serve this as all they need is a big tank of soup made early in the day and Wonton dumplings made fresh just prior to day start. A minute of boiling the noodles and dumplings and then pour the soup and voila you're done. The dumplings were big, which is the main reason why i come here. For $5.50 for a bowl of this is totally worth it. Other places will charge you about $7 for a bowl of more noodles and less/small wontons. The restaurant is clean, simple and nothing too complicated. You walk up to the counter to pay when you're done as it is not a wait-for-server type of service. For a quick lunch this is a place to definitely check out. It's quick, easy, cheap and delicious.
This one's a bit delayed but after seeing a posting on BlogTO i felt it was right to give my input on this place... McRamyun.Located at the corner of McCaul and Baldwin Street, you will find the area slowiy turning into a hipster area but quite comforting. Parking is easy to find on McCaul and everything is walkable.Once you arrive to the restaurant, you will find a very comforting patio at the front and a fresh spacious design inside. They have a large bar on the right with a limited selection of alcohol. One beer tap (Sapporo) and a large stack of Soju bottles at the back. As of right now they won't allow any alcohol on the patio so you'll need to have your beer indoors on a nice sunny day.As for the food, well i was surprised at the selections they had. As the name of the restaurant states, it is mainly a Ramyun restaurant. The menu has a large list of Ramyun choices taking over the whole middle section of menu. I ordered their most popular McRamyun. It is half size larger than their normal Ramyun bowls. They give you two pieces of pork belly, few slices of grilled chicken, veggies, dried and cooked ramyun and one whole soft yolk egg. The broth that comes with it is a stone pot stew broth. Something similar to Jjamppong. This ramyun was $13.95. A little pricey for a bowl of instant noodles but definitely worth trying once. I would likely try the other ramyun's for my next round.Another popular dish is their McChicken Wing. For the A La Carte menu they will sell them in 3 or 10 pieces. But they have a combo where you get 1/2 lb (4 pieces) with a pint of Sapporo for $9.45 which is quite a good value. The chicken is served on a plate as if you were at a normal bar, with celery and carrots. It comes with two sauces, caesar/blue cheese and some hot and sweet sauce. I have to be honest that I love the chicken. It is battered in crispy ramyun making it super crunchy. It was tasty and still juicy. I would definitely come back for this. One big disappointment was the Asparagus wrap. It is 4 sprigs of asparagus and crispy ramyun wrapped in rice wrap and deep-fried. They serve it on a massive plate making it look very minimal. I don't think it was worth paying $4.49 for it. The service was great. They were quick, informative and they were able to communicate the dishes quite well. Being a korean restaurant you would expect some language restrictions, with the exception of those hipster korean joints lately, but this was definitely quite pleasant. I would say that this is more of a bar atmosphere, not a sit down restaurant. I would have Sapporo and their Ramyun chicken any time. Too bad they won't allow alcohol on the patio. I will definitely be back. I sure hope they did their homework when it came to the 'Mc' referencing of their restaurant and food. I would hate to see this place get into trouble and leave me without their chicken. Ratings:Atmosphere - 3 out of 5Service - 4 out of 5Food - restaurant style 2 out of 5, bar style 3 out of 5.
I went during the day on a weekend and seeing that there aren't many hot pot places open then it really makes them stand out. The prices are split between meat only or meat with seafood. The meat with seafood package includes AYCE fountain drinks and fresh seafood such as lobster, shrimp and mussels. The rest veggies and meat are ayce and split in a small portion manner. So no left overs.They are run by the same owner of Korean Grill House so it has the same atmosphere and type of service. Even the serving plates are the same. Parking is fair and commerce gate plaza has an underground lot. Keep in mind they have a Chatime here so they can get crazy busy.They also serve a la carte items too and a good place if you're looking for Chinese cafe style.Anyways I highly recommend this place.
For being around the most chinese based areas in Toronto/Markham region, you can't expect much from this place. It's located in Metro Square and one of many chinese run pho places in the north side of Toronto.It is however the only place in the north area that sells Bun Rieu oddly enough. I can barely find that in the west end where it is predominantly viets. The staff wear shirts that say "Pho King" on it but with a burger king logo. Parking at the plaza is not enjoyable at all. It's small, crammed and filled with bad chinese drivers... i can say this because i'm asian myself haha!Food is tasty, hot and price is fair. Service is quick and so is the wait time for your food. You do get a bit thirsty though but that is nothing bubble tea can't fix next door. Either way i would still come back if i don't have high expectations. It is not bad nor is it spectacular.
Best place ever. Went here twice and have 2 more bookings to go.Did the Counter Ops and ran out of time at the end at the final switch. Was such a big disappointment as all i needed to do was flick a switch to pass.This place is located in the Downsview Station area. When you get there it is at the back of a warehouse building. You arrive being greeted by one of their staff who will guide you to your table and seating. You wait for your turn to go in but can keep yourself busy by playing board games. They have quite a collection too.Once it is your turn they go through all the rules and then off you go. When you're done you leave crying knowing you did not pass.The difficulty of these rooms to escape are quite high but you definitely get what you're paying for. it is around $22 for each person but you get 2 levels in a room to play with with much more difficult task to get past. Unlike other places who have a simple small room with 5-6 clues. This place has about 12 task to pass.Anyways, go here and try to be the 2% that passes the Counter Ops. We were so close =(i hope it is not one of those things that phase out and this ends up gone.
Other then the Real Sports Bar, the Shark Club is the only other bar with lots of screens and TV's to watch your games on. They have side scoreboards making the atmosphere like an actual stadium/arena. Being located at the corner of Dundas and Yonge, or in otherwords the Canadian Time Square, you get a 4 floor high rise filled with stores, restaurants, bars and a theatre. With the Shark Club located on the 3rd floor, you get a great view from the windows of the busy intersection of Dundas and Yonge and Eaton Centre. The bar is dark, loud and filled with TV's to watch any game you want. The seating is spacious and can hold a lot of customers.The massive bar in the middle of the restaurant along with massive TV behind it, gives you a big vibrant feel and somehow makes me want to drink more. It's all an illusion. The food is fair and nothing special. Like any other bar. They have daily specials for food and drinks and the deals are not too bad. Check out the menu - http://www.sharkclubs.com/menuWith Jack Astors and Milestones in the same building and many other bars surrounding it, I would go to Shark Club first.
So I like Pho. I like pho that is made by the Vietnamese. Pho Metro is one of only a few in the Scarborough area that I would say is truly Viet. The broth is tasty and can definitely tell they didn't overdo it with the spices. Meat and food portion was fair. It didn't take long for them to get the order out and served.The restaurant itself is not too big and is constantly busy due to its popularity. Also what was order was Bun Rieu. Crab paste soup. It wasn't as good as how I usually would have it. Soup was a little salty. Good thing about it is they give you a lot of the pork balls and meat. I want to see more crab/shrimp paste in it.Pricing overall is fair. Location is not bad except it is a bit ghetto around there.I hope they push franchising as I would like to see them grow.
So being very critical with my pho experiences, I've decided to finally write  review for Xe Lua Vietnamese Restaurant. They are a small restaurant chain with around 3 locations in Toronto. One in Vaughan, Chinatown and now North York. The north york location replaced the awful Top Saigon but in my opinion made no difference in the quality of the pho. The atmosphere is clean, modern and comfortable. The service is quick but not too friendly as most of them are run by mainlanders with rude attitude. What comes with quick service is poor food quality. The portions are fair but should be more careful with how they cook the food. You'll find that their noodle soups, or pho in the case, are fatty and greasy. You can tell that they take the rice noodles right out of the packaging, place it in a ladle, cook it in a water boiler and dump it directly into the bowl. They don't bother hanging the ladle for a few mins to drain the water and oil. (Seen with my own eyes). So what you're left with is fatty pho and a bit of regret after eating it. As an experienced chef, this is not acceptable and makes me sick to my stomach... literally. The great thing about Xe Lua and the reason why I gave 2 out of 5 is they tend to open pretty late to accommodate the bar and club goers. So if you're out late and need something to relieve your alcoholism then this is best place to go. Just be cautious of the s.w.a.t. team... get it? if not then watch this - https://youtu.be/1XoT6VQE0q8
It's been awhile since my last visit to Burger King. I've come to realize how much more difficult it is to go after the cut backs in BK's in the GTA. It wasn't until recently I found a reason to go out of my way to find a BK. For limited time, they are selling 10 piece nuggets for $1.79. I managed to indulge in 60 pieces (never again). As well on Wed there is Whopper Wednesdays where the whoppers are $2.79 or $4.99 for the meal.This location in particular was a bit of a pain to get to as its located in the busy intersection of Woodbine and Hwy 7. You have First Markham Place Plaza right across the street and a slew of businesses around them. So not only do you get a lot of business people coming, you a lot of bad asian drivers. The staff were very slow with getting orders as when we arrived the line was literally out the door. They were sloppy with their packing as they kept dropping the sauces on the floor rather them putting them in the bag. I did appreciate that they didn't pick up the ones on the floor and put in the bag. I will give them credit for getting my order right as i tend to complicate things a lot. Do not go through the drive thru. The line up for that is ridiculous and sometimes goes out to the main street. Their parking lot is pretty small and blocked by the drive thru line.I guess for the one and only BK in the area, i can't complain. I'd rather this then not have them exist at all (predicting the future).I would always have a piece of my heart with BK, even when they suck.
If you feel like getting gluttanized and you are planning on taking a fat nap in the afternoon then this place is a great place to go.Located by Liberty Village you have a small old body shop building across from Lamport Stadium. When you first walk in you will notice the crazy line. With their hours only being 9:00am - 3:00pm every day, everyone is cramming to get a bite. You'll see the baked goods while waiting in line along with the live action chefs working. To the left you'll see two rooms for seating. On a busy day you may need to wait for an hour or so. The food is quick to arrive and the drinks are very refreshing. It is very heavy but delicious. Don't forget to order some baked goods to take home as they are unique and homemade fresh. The cornbread was my favourite.Once done take a walk to Liberty Village to do some shopping and grab a few drinks.
This place is absolutely crap. First off the location is not in a convenient place. It is directly off a busy turn making it hard to get to. The parking lot is very small and accident prone. The handicap spots are in random spots with no logic whatsoever. Typically they are located in particular spots to help make it convenient for them and given more space. Once you arrive you'll see it is an old take out burger joint with the take out drive through lane still marked. When you go in, it's rather modern but the layout is very odd. I was seated right between a pole and a wall, being blocked. I ordered pho, as usual, but found the soup VERY bland. The soup was too clear to be true but still loaded in MSG enough to make me desperate for water. There was limited meat and the Dac Biet did not have much variety of meat in it. Good thing is the large is pretty large but the small is super small.The owners or staff thought it would be fun to raise the volume mid way through our meal. I mean Boyz II Men is great but I don't need you to blare out Motown Philly, especially when there are customers trying to eat.I entered in with 5 people and when I left there were 0.I do NOT recommend going here, unless you plan on just trying it and writing a bad review, then i highly recommend it. 1 out of 5 stars for me... only because I cannot submit 0.
So an update after my little ordeal with Pizza Pizza...So they message and call me offering me first a gift card to 'compensate for the amount i paid and then some more'. I find out it's a $25 gift card. I told them i had no problem with their offer but would still like an apology from the CEO of Pizza Pizza. They ignore my comment and have someone call me to get my address.Then a few days later someone calls me and offers me a $50 gift card and ask for my address. Still no comment or update regarding my request for an apology from the CEO of Pizza Pizza.I then get another call from the district sales manager stating he will send me Toronto Raptors tickets. He gets my address with no apology or update regarding my request for an apology from the CEO of Pizza Pizza.I receive the $50 gift card in the mail with a letter... and of course the letter says nothing in the lines of an apology. The letter says:"RE: Your Service ExperienceFurther to our discussion, thank you for contacting Pizza Pizza. We at Pizza Pizza pride ourselves on quality products and services, and we thank you for taking the time to contact us.You are a valued customer and we sincerely appreciate your feedback. Thank you again for making time to contact us and please find enclosed the voucher we discussed.Yours truly,Pizza Pizza LimitedCustomer Service"So fine, i receive this letter. I wait for the Toronto Raptors tickets to arrive thinking that maybe there's a letter with an apology. A few days later I get the tickets in a white envelope with NO letter or any acknowledgement of the situation. Side note: I received 3 tickets to a Sacramento Kings game seated up in the furthest part of the Air Canada Centre. Another side note: who wants to be my third wheel?So tell me what is wrong with this picture?1) I get offered barely an amount that was worth my time and effort for this complaint - $25. Instead they up it to $50 thinking that i'm still going to come to Pizza Pizza.2) I receive a generic letter with no apology and not personalized by any specific person at Pizza Pizza. Just 'Customer Service'.3) They offer me Toronto Raptors tickets to a game that no one goes to and with tickets that no one wants to sit in. 4) Last and most importantly, after all the chances they had they had not acknowledged anything about my request for an apology from the CEO of Pizza Pizza Paul Goddard.So with all this being said, i'm soooo not done. I want Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, Toronto Raptors, Air Canada Centre and everyone else involved with this brand to know who they have partnered with and how they are treating their customers and fans.Further updates to come.
Not bad for a local room escape facility in the north Toronto end. It is located around the Yonge and Sheppard area walking distance from Sheppard station. It' a bit hard to find as it blends in with the many other small houses along the south side of sheppard but once you see it you'll realize how ridiculously blind you are from the giant 'At Escape' sign on the front. The parking is located at the back and only about 8 spots so on a busy night it may be a bit difficult to maneuver.The rooms are small level rooms. Simple one room with one door and about 4-6 challenges. I did the bunker challenge and got out within the last minute remaining.The cost is about $20 and from time to time you will find groupons for 2-for-1 special. I say doing with 2 people is fine but better with 4. Tip: dump everything out of the boxes and cases. They can be hard to find, especially in the dark.If you want a quick, cheap and fun experience then go here otherwise if you want a big challenge then there are other locations.
Food: 2 out of 5 - not because of the food but mainly because of the HAIR found in it.Service: 2 out of 5 - girl slams food everywhere. While cleaning a neighbouring booth she constantly makes comments about how messy the last customers were. If you don't like to do your job then don't work there. No need to hear your complaints.Atmosphere: 3 out of 5 - nothing extravagant. Too many super large booths. Pricing: 4 out of 5 - fair pricing. Could be a bit less for the amount of food actually received. Enough said!!
If you want to trade up comfort for the price of the items you're paying then why not. This plaza is filled with bad asian drivers, limited parking and congested lines. This is partly due to the fact that there are 3 asian restaurants in the same plaza along size with a big supermarket. I think it's about time to fix this place up and expand their parking plans.As for the store, it's well organized, neat and easy to find what you want. The prices are always fair but beware of those hounds who will jump on things when there are awesome deals. And yes they do tend to get awesome deals. Very random deals I must say. For example, a whole turkey for $10 at a random time of the year no where near Christmas or Thanksgiving. Why not.Keep in mind the more you buy the longer you have to wait in line because all you'll be doing is avoiding the express line up.Carts are not free as you'll need to deposit $1 to start. Not the old-school $0.25. Man I miss those days.I think you're better off going to a Chinese supermarket just down the street on Don Mills. You'll get fresher, cheaper and faster service.
Out of all the Congee XYZ brands, this one is my favourite. The location is on Sheppard right by Fairview mall, next door to Tim Hortons. It used to be an old Red Lobster and Jap/Korean AYCE restaurant called Momiji. The restaurant is very clean and modern looking. The prices are fair like any other congee restaurant except you get fast service. The portions are fair and there's lots of parking at this location. You won't see any lineups as the restaurant can seat a stadium.Definitely recommended and convenient if you are looking for quick noodles or congee.
Great race for a good cause.I don't care if you can't run or have never run. This race is perfect either way. It's a simple and fast 10k starting from Sporting Life located at Yonge and Lawrence and ends at Fort York. It sounds far but it really isn't.This is one of the most popular races and the amount of people participating in this is ginormous. I would be careful with picking the right corral as if you were going to run this for your PB then i would find a fast corral even if you know you won't finish that time. It will bypass you from the crowd and will avoid the traffic. If you are running for fun or with a group of friends then stay at the slowest corral. The race starts around 8am but always suggested to arrive around 7:15am to drop off your baggage, get stretched and warmed up.Your registration and contribution goes to Camp Ooch so you are running for a great cause. it is a highly technological race. You get your times tracked and professional photos taken and available for purchase/download. You will also get a $35 gift card for Sporting Life if you register on time. So if you register early enough your registration will be $35 but with the return of a $35 gift card you essentially get the race for free. Otherwise the race becomes around $50 minus the $35 gift card.The route leads you straight down Yonge Street which is consistently downhill. it's long and boring but fast. It is also a splitting copy of other Toronto races such as the Toronto Yonge Street 10k and Toronto Goodlife Marathon. So if you're running all three races then you'll be super bored of the repetition.there are water stations every 2-3 km and once you cross the finish line you get a spiffy medal to commemorate your experience. You also get greeted with a lot of food at the end consisting of bagels, bananas, drinks, protein protein protein. Lots of booths are open for your own interest plus massage locations.I will be doing this race every year until my body gives out on me.highly recommended and you won't be disappointed.Tip: look for promo codes as this year there was one for a full credit. *hint hint*
This supermarket is a bit out of the ordinary. It is a continous stream of stores and shops connected with one another. One side you have the food court/take out area. The food is great and fairly priced. Next to that is the supermarket where you can get your everyday goods. Nothing too special about this place except you can find more ramen choices then the usual supermarket.Next to that is a bakery where they bake fresh goods on a daily basis. Highly recommended.To the left of the bakery is a butcher shop with meat that you wouldn't usually find at a normal shop (ie. marrow etc) and the prices are very fair.Finally you have a quick serve sushi restaurant on the far left of the plaza. This place servers great sushi and allows you space to sit and eat. It's about time you get to find your usual rolls without having it owned by a korean or chinese family.Keep in mind that coming to this area is a bit of an issue. It's located in a plaza where you must go from steeles to get to. You can't go straight from the ING building and there's lot s of traffic during business hours. The parking lot is pretty full during the day.Either way it's recommended to visit. Definitely a different scenary compared to the usual chinese plaza's (ie. metro square and pmall).
Without a doubt one of the biggest bars in Toronto.Located in the heart of the sports and entertainment district, across from the Air Canada Centre and down the street from Rogers Centre, you can't help but want to visit this bar. This bar has two floors, 25,000 square foot of spacious seating area with always a view of some sort of event. This bar has 199 HD TV's plus a 39 foot massive HD TV center stage making it perfect for pay-per-view events such as UFC and Superbowl. Their food and drink inventory is massive with 126 draught taps, 14 wing flavours, and 11 gourmet burgers. Being located across from the Air Canada Centre, they have full right to take advantage of pricing. Draught beers can range from $7-$10. Wings are $14, $28, $56 depending if you want 1/2, 1 or 2 pounds and burgers are around $15. So this is definitely one of those places if you have a few bucks to throw around for a night of game watching and beer then go for it, otherwise you'll come out broke.The restaurant is attached to office and condo complex as well as the underground path making your connection between locations easier, warmer and dryer. If you feel like pre-drinking then you can always hit up the LCBO connected to the same building and then go buy yourself a Raptors jersey at the Real Sports Store.Overall, i'd come back any time as long as there's something entertaining to watch and mainly because of the selection of beers on tap.Try out it, you won't be disappointed.
it is advised to not come on a weekend unless you have made a reservation. Reservations can only be taken by latest 5pm for a later time otherwise it's first come first serve.This is one of the busiest locations so look for a wait.There are two different hostess. One for the dining side and another for the bar side. Go to the bar side as the wait list is way shorter and there's not much different with sitting in the bar area. You get a dining table and entertainment. The dining area is quiet and more intimate. I ordered the prime rib and devoured the whole piece. It was perfect. I requested for the side to be the double baked potato. If you're going to The Keg then you must get the Double Baked Potato. You wouldn't be a true blogger if you did not. Delicious buttery and smooth mashed potatoes in a baked potato shell.The service is amazing. They are very quick, accommodating and friendly. Parking may be an issue as the lot is quite small for the amount of people waiting.Watch out for the exit as there is no light coming into Leslie.Not bad for a random night of steak.
So I came here during my lunch and is usually my spot once or twice a week. I know for a fact that other Subways provide you a receipt that has a survey and if you complete the survey you get a code that will give you a free cookie. This location in particular would avoid giving you a receipt so they can avoid others trying to claim their cookies. I one day went to another location and asked if they have a receipt policy and they said it is a franchise policy that the receipt must be provided or at least offered. So I thought this was a one-off situation and maybe they forgot to give me a receipt so I tried another day and then another day... no luck on the receipt. One day I asked for the receipt and they said they don't give receipts. The only receipt they will give is the debit/credit card receipt which is not the purchase receipt. So what did i do? I contacted head office about this in hopes that they will get down to the bottom of this. It's only a cookie.. i get that but it's the rudeness and attempt to con the franchise/customers that gets to me. "C is for cookie"... not "Con".Other then this issue, the restaurant is clean, service is quick and seating is comfortable. Plaza location is small and is located in a deserted location. No people = no line. That's how I see it.One thing i did like about this location is they were the only location that held onto the Creamy Sriracha sauce longer then it needed to. I was disappointed when the other locations took it away.
I like big food. I like mexican food. I like burritos. Put it all together and this place is perfect for what i'm looking for.There are several places like this but each have their own specialty. In my opinion, Burrito Boyz is own to be one of the first burrito places. Chino Locos is known for their korean/asian inspired burritos incorporating bulgogi and chow main in their burritos. ZTeca is known for their simplicity and sitting area. Fat Bastard is known for their massive sizes, choice and uniqueness of toppings. They have 3 different sizes: little, big and huge. You can choose from two lists of meats (premium and regular). For toppings you can have rice, chow mein and/or beans. Then top it off with the usual guac, salsa, cliantro, sour cream etc etc. But then comes the interesting part.. their hot sauce and chips. Their hot sauce is preeeettttyyy hot but delicious. You'll feel the pain for sure. They also break up their very own nacho chips into small pieces and add them to the burrito for texture. It all works out very well together.Pricing wise my big (medium) size burrito was $13 after tax and including my extra meat with it. It's not cheap but totally worth it.The restaurant is a decent size, concentrating on more so quick fast food style eating. You walk in, lineup, order and wait for your burrito based on your receipt number. You can choose to chill around the high stand up tables to eat or take it out. It's lively and loud with a large tv, usually playing NBA TV for some reason.It is located along Victoria Park just south of Sheppard at a small strip plaza. Parking is limited, especially during lunch hours considering it's across the street from a tonne of corporate buildings. If you don't want to wait for your food then you have plenty of other options.Overall, i like this place a lot more then the other burrito themed spots. Funny thing is burritos are never like this in Mexico so consider this a fusion and completely made up creation.Higly recommended.
After a long night being rowdy Jays fans and trying to torment the Cleveland Indians, you need a morning plate of grease and grub.This was a Sunday and everything is literally closed in this ghost town, except for the West Side Market Cafe. A typical breakfast/brunch diner. I ordered the Huevos Racheros which was delicious. Portion was on the small side but it was enough to get me by. Everyone else order their Market Breakfast was had their special spicy bacon, eggs and hash. It was delicious and portion size was big.Pricing is fair... minus the currency. Service is super friendly. They can take quite a while to take your order but that is only because they are always full. I respect them for that.I'm curious about their dinner. That will have to wait until next year.Highly recommend this place.
I've been to this restaurant for years. I've chatted with them each time for countless hours. I've tried their food and seen how they are with others. I can safely say that whatever Sandra M went through was likely triggered by her... you can tell by the context of her review.Nevertheless, the restaurant is closed and I'm sad to see it go. I wish them all the best in their retirement.
This is a pretty large LCBO. Wide selection of wines and beers. The only thing I don't like about this LCBO is the hours they are open. I find that they close earlier then some other LCBO's. Disadvantages of being hooked to a mall.The mall can get bad on the weekends so beware of parking issues. I don't encourage this but you can park standby in front of LCBO.
Don't go to the Bier Markt. They are bullshit when it comes to bringing in innocent cupcakes to celebrate someone's birthday. They went as far as saying that we may "poison people" around us with the cupcakes. The GM guarded us at the entrance making sure NOTHING comes in. We were forced to go outside to eat. What's stopping me from giving these cupcakes to the people in line? The management would keep coming back to our table to make sure we weren't sneaking in any cupcakes. Their service is so slow. Their menu's gone down hill and they FORCE you to choose from fixed menus if you have a party size of 15+. I originally booked for 20 but since the pre-fixed menus were garbage I was forced to reduce my invites to eat from their normal menu. They would try and squeeze in my group so they can accommodate other.If you do go, go for the beer but not for the food. If you can, pass this on to all the people you can. I'm super bitter about their bullshit and want to bring them down.
Wish I had read the reviews before booking!Poor customer service, lack of professionalism, low quality rooms left much to be desired. Over priced. Inadequate bedding, old bedding, small, musty rooms.We saw the reviews after we had booked, but we're hopeful that perhaps the numerous low-quality customer service feedback had been applied. Not the case. I waited for several minutes while the front desk woman watched me from her office taking her time on the phone and computer. When she did finally lumber over to the reception desk she was rude and dismissive. Her disdain for quality customer service was palpable as she condescendingly "gave me information" for catching their airport shuttle. When I came back at 2:45AM per her instructions, the night-attendant was equally as cordial and helpful.I'm surprised that after so many negative reviews that a hotel of this franchise and reputation has not addressed the staffing at this location. Staying here was a splurge for us (over $100/night) and was absolutely not worth it. We'd stayed at a TraveLodge a few days earlier and the staff were pleasant and professional, the rooms were bigger and didn't smell as musty and had better quality bedding.Get it together, HoJo.
Custard and ice is such a cool combo. I don't think we have anything like it in California.
Felt a little jipped on my corned beef sandwich :( Service at this location was good. TVs everywhere with some type of sport playing. We got to sit in the outdoor patio which also had 2 TV's, couldn't get my toddler from watching it - so it can be a distraction, but I suppose it's good if you want to watch any major sports. This times experience at Primati's wasn't so wow as the first. Learned that Primanti is becoming a chain... which kind of doesn't make Primanti's as special. I liked my first time visiting Pittsburgh and getting their savory sandwich (with fries within the sandwich!) at the Strip.
Super slow. Staff don't seem as efficient as other Starbucks. But I appreciate that there is a coffee place at Caesar's.
Just got off the plane and needed some food. Yelped and found Aladdin's Eatery. Loved that their menu indicated allergens so no need to ask your server "does this have nuts"? Husband ordered the Aladdin's favorite and I got Jasmine's favorite - mine was ok, so once I tried Aladdin's favorite I was loving his plate more than mine. Love that my hubby switched plates :) Good food, big portions and decent prices.
A great healthy dessert that actually tastes good!I've been here twice now, and neither time was I disappointed. The flavors are true and really do taste like ice cream. So far I've had the Egg Nog and a toffee flavor, and both were delicious.And the spoon IS gold.
We use this place all the time for our weimaraner. Great day care, caring vets, and an awesome staff. They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello.
I've been going to Big Wong for at least a decade (even in the old location) and am very sad to hear that they are closing/closed.Gina and the rest of the staff have always treated me like family and I can't believe that it's going to be gone.In all that time, I have NEVER EVER had a bad dish. EVER. I've eaten practically the entire menu and visited so often when I lived closer that they would put in my appetizer order before I even got a table. Many of my friends were introduced to this place by me, and when visiting from as far away as Alaksa would ask me to go there when in town.If they do reopen somewhere else, I'll be 1st in line for some paper wrapped chicken!
So, in order to counter the bad review of KFC I did - I'd like to thank Popeye's for being right down the street from the office. The staff here is ALWAYS good, even the drive thru. And it's always quick, unlike the toher chicken place up the street.My standard order? Number 5 = 5 Piece strips (spicy) with biscuit and Red Beans & Rice. Root Beer to drink.The only thing that could make it better would be Vernors in the soda machine...
M and I just ate here yesterday for lunch, and we came away uninspired.It does seem to be a brand new startup, and we would much rather support a small business trying to make a start than a big chain. But to be honest, there was noting here that would make us come back.I got the Pastrami Dog, and M got a basic steamed dog. We both thought that the bus were a little too big, but I did think that they were good tasting. I usually get the pastrami dog at Wienerschitzel and I hate to say it, this didn't compare. 2 overcooked slices of dry, tough pastrami was what I got on top, not a nice portion of Juicy tasteful meat. The dogs themselves are OK,  apparently a natural casing with good bite.There are plenty of condiments to choose from inside - from Ranch to at least 3 kinds of Mustard. We also both got a side of coleslaw (comes with the meal, no substitutions) that we didn't eat. when I asked if I could get something else instead with my order, I was denied. I said OK and told her to go ahead and keep the slaw, since I would not eat it anyway. The cashier seemed thankful for letting her know, but when she brought us our food to the table, there was the slaw anyway. I guess she didn't listen. Bad sign.I also voted "Not Wheelchair Accessible" because the tables were a little close, and it would take some effort if you wanted to sit comfortably on the patio.
Just a quick review of a new Gelato shop in M's neighborhood that just opened.The shop is bright, vibrant and spotless. The girl working the counter wa very helpful and patient as she expianed all the different flavors (which were in italian in the case). We tried a few different ones such as spicy chocolate, crema callenta(?) and snickers. We decided to have a medium half Rum Raisin and half Dulce de Leche. the portion was decent and not expensive for as fresh as the Gelato was (you can see right into the "kitchen" and the containers of ingredients).Good overall, but as M put it "The flavor is not 'Pow' In Your Face!
Just a quick update - this KFC shut down just a few weeks ago. There still might be someone in line tho...
Do I really want to add to the love-fest? Yes I do.I've been here twice, and gotten in once (the wait got me the other visit). But now that I've made it inside, I can tell you that the wait is well worth it.M had it as simple as you can get: A single egg, scrambled. And it was light, fluffy and perfect.I had the Honey Lemonade and wish I could have it every day. I also had the waffle & Bacon, both were amazing. The thick cut peppery bacon is soo good. I don't eat a lot of pork; so for me to love bacon, it's a big deal.  The waffle is the best I've ever had. the exterior is perfectly golden brown, and the inside is like eating a cloud. A tasty tasty cloud.Wait it out, it's worth it.
I would have to say that this is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in town for several reasons: The food is consistently good, the service is always impeccable, and the AYCE menu offers a vast array of appetizers, salads, rolls, nigiri, and dessert. I had a couple of girlfriends in from out of town and they claimed the sushi was very fresh. Most of the specialty rolls are delicious. My favorites are the the riceless rolls, though the rules of AYCE only allows each person to order 1 of each. I only gave four stars because of the numerous rules the restaurant has on the AYCE and how strict they are. I believe between the four of us, we had ordered 12 rolls, miso soups, gyoza, rib eye, a bowl of ramen, and fried rice. We stuffed ourselves to a miserable capacity and had to leave 2 pieces of sushi. We were charged for the entire cost of the roll in addition to the four AYCE. Order what you can fit in your stomach, though, and you are set. Oh, and they play all-girl group Japanese pop music videos that are so mesmerizing that my friends and I barely spoke to one another. When we did, it was to comment on the videos. Great place.
I believe that every pho lover in Vegas will eventually make it to Pho Kim Long because the ample amount of reviews. The menu is pretty vast and the atmosphere is comfortable and nice. Although the food satisfied my pho craving, it did not impress me. My rating will go to Pho Saigon 8.
There are many bars crowded around the area I live in. This, by far, is my favorite one. The bartender Mike is the best. Always friendly. Always funny. Always high energy. This is the place I usually end up late-late night/super early morning. The HOT chicken fingers and fries are delicious!
Helped my mother with renting a home that was managed by Re/Max Benchmark. Dropped a rent payment in what we thought was a night drop. When we notified the property manager, she was pretty much told she was stupid for having done so. We had dropped payments into the office a few times before that and were never told not to so we assumed it was ok. The response was just so rude. We were also told that we had replaced the recessed lighting with the wrong bulbs when we used the original bulbs as a sample to purchase the new bulbs. Half of the bulbs were not working upon move-in and we replaced them all since we didn't want to be petty. There was no real walk-through at the start of the lease nor were we asked to do a walk-through upon leaving. There was a very minor carpet damage in the corner of one of the closets and one door had to be replaced when we moved out. There were also a bunch of "miscellaneous" things that ended up costing us nearly $1000 of our security deposit. It wasn't a great experience overall.
Best ramen in town. It has wiped monta off my list of go-to ramen shops. I'm coming after sora soon!
A classic diner that I think is over-rated. The food is classic/traditional. The space is somewhat laid out like a cafeteria - very open. The staff is what makes this place stand out. They're so friendly and extremely nice. It's very rare to find a place in Vegas where the staff seem to actually like you. There was a man, perhaps the owner or manager, who was walking around greeting each table and making sure everything was good. He chat with a few of the tables. About the food, I got a Jenna wrap which is a tortilla wrapped around hard-cooked eggs, avocado, cilantro, jalapenos, sour cream, and salsa. It wasn't anything special at all, but it was enough to satisfy my hunger. I also ordered a pancake and that made me very happy.
If you're looking for commercial dance music, this is probably not going to be your cup of tea. I was drawn to this club by the techno. Sunday nights are the best nights as they usually are usually very underground. Ritchie Hawtin, Erick Morillo, Green Velvet...you get the picture. The club has ample space to move around in, several large bars that get you poured, paid, and drinking quickly. Even on the Saturdays that I have gone, it is still possible to dance on the dance floor. The go-go dancers have magnificent costumes and there are performers swinging from the ceiling. It is a club that must definitely be experienced.
When I want to ear somewhere that reminds me of home, I come to china mama. Just assume everything here is perfect. I will just list my favorites:Ra mein in szechwan saucePot stickersJuicy pork dumplingsFried rice cake with spicy chiliGreen onion pancakeSteamed red bean dumpling (dessert)Mapo tofu (I don't like tofu and even I LOVED this dish)Chicken and veggies in Szechuan hot potBeef rollPork tripe in hot and spicy sauceIt is all good and even better left over.
I came to this restaurant thinking the food would be overpriced and mediocre. well, it was not mediocre. my boyfriend and I ordered the Toro tartare, 72-hr braised short ribs, lobster miso soup, yellowtail sashimi, tuna sashimi, king crab sashimi, salmon egg sashimi, and an order of the grilled shisito peppers. The toro came out first and was perfection. buttery fatty mild yet fresh. then came our sashimi and soup. the sashimi must be the freshest I have ever had in town and I am a local. miso soup is miso soup. nothing spectacular on that front. now, the short rib! boy, I don't have enough to say about how amazing they were. The presentation was...forget it. Forget the presentation. The fucking meat was so tender I felt I could have given it a glance and it would have fallen apart. I didn't want my shirt rib experience to be over truly an eat-with-your-eyes-shut-type deal. I am telling you. Get it. Your wallet might regret it but your taste buds won't.
I must say that I am not at all a fan of Italian cuisine. The menus always seem the same and every thing has fancy names and taste the same, but come in different shapes. This is not the case at Parma. The dinner menu at Parma changes daily and so is never the same. When you walk in, you'll notice that there is a deli where you can purchase meats and cheeses. I can't remember what the exact description was of the food I ordered. I just know it was pasta served in the Sunday sauce. It was exceptional, amazing, WOW. I ate every last bit on my plate. I have heard that if there isn't anything on the menu that you want, you can call in advance and make special requests and the chef will accommodate your request. The staff is always very friendly and helpful when making suggestions for you. This is, for sure, HANDS DOWN, the best Italian restaurant I have ever been to. GO.
This is not the kind of place I would frequent on the norm, HOWEVER, I am a local and have local friends that LOVE this place. Because of the great memories I have accrued form this bar, I give it 4 stars. If you wander in, you will always leave smelling of cigarettes and never of shame. The people who visit this bar are typically locals who all know eachother. The jukebox plays every song known to man. And the bartender, Vic, always puts a smile on my face. Funny guy. It is pretty easy to get HAMMERED as the drink prices are relatively low. There are a lot of gay bars close by so in the wee hours of the night/morning, you get the drunk gays who wander in and always guarantee a great time.
Roomie and I were quite excited about the fact that a soul food restaurant opened up within walking distance of the house. We were even more excited about the fact that it delivers. He ordered the chicken and waffles ($9) and I ordered the fried chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn ($14). The ordered was delivered in 45 minutes. The chicken and waffles were good enough to satisfy the craving. The waffles seemed too similar to an Eggo waffle for me to give much praise too. My order of fried chicken as well as the fried chicken topping the waffle lacked any flavor and was overcooked. The skin and batter was a dark brown color and was slightly bitter. The macaroni and hush puppies were mediocre and the corn was straight out of a can. All in all, not terrible, but for the price, I probably will not eat there again.
I am giving Spirit an average review for several reasons. Spirit Airlines is what it is. It is a cheap airline to fly with, however, every other little thing costs - carry-ons, checked baggage, picking a seat ahead of time, etc. The flights have always gotten me where I was going without too much delay. They are good about giving credits when credit is due. Where they can improve is customer service. My last trip to Detroit a couple months ago, I was running a bit behind. The agent at the desk was fairly quick getting me checked in and taking my luggage, but she wasn't exactly friendly. She huffed and puffed throughout the entire process, scolded me for being late, rolled her eyes at me, and when she called the gate to let them know there'd be two late passengers, she made sure to throw in some passive-aggressive insults as if I weren't standing right there.Then, she took our luggage and told us "your baggage might make it to Detroit, it might not. It is your responsibility to come back here to pick it up if it doesn't." Then, when I started to ask her how we could ensure that we get our luggage (being that we were going to be in Detroit for several days and needed our clothing), she interrupted me and told me to hurry and leave. I didn't appreciate attitude.
I am giving Haven three stars to represent the average of experiences we have had so far. The application process was very professional with friendly and informative staff. The walk-through for the house was incredible. I had prepared my boyfriend with a list of things to carefully inspect before signing off on the rental but the professional they had at the house waiting beat us to everything PLUS MORE! he had water running from the faucets, all burners on the stove lit, the oven on, dishwasher on, all lights on, etc. He walked us through shut-off valves, outlets, went over the breaker switches and even provided us with a binder full of numbers to call for utilities, manuals for all appliances in the house, emergency handyman numbers, etc. A few weeks after move-in, the living room roof caved in due to a huge water leak. We called immediately and though I never spoke to a person at the office about it, the handyman and maintenance personnel were on top of their game and it was repaired over a week's time and we were given a free carpet cleaning due to the big mess that was made. The maintenance men were on time every day TO THE MINUTE! It was great. I felt we had found property management heaven...that is until our first month's rent was due. We didn't get set up on the online payment system quickly enough so we had to drive a money order to the office. No big deal, right? Wrong! My boyfriend drove the payment to the address that was given to him by the staff members over the phone. When he got there (downtown las vegas area), there was a sign on the door that said the office had moved. The next day, he attempted to deliver the money order again to a different location, this time on the southeast part of town in the Howard Hughes Center. He was told by the staff there that they do not accept rent payments at that location and that we had to take it to yet another office. The next day, attempt 3, we drove to the new office at Jones and 95 area and were finally able to pay our rent. There is no listing on the web nor were we notified of their recent office move. The staff should have been more well-informed. We live in the Southwest and literally drove to the four corners of Las Vegas. Our property is beautiful, however, and we hope to have ironed out all of the kinks now that we are registered in their online payment system. I will update the review upon move-out.
This truly is a hidden gem. I have been eating at this restaurant for 20 years and the food is consistently delicious. The tom yum soup is the perfect combination of hot and sour. The pad kee mao is one of my favorite noodle dishes there. It is a must-try. The chicken chili mint is probably the best I have ever had. They make it with ground meat of your choice so every bite is infused with flavor and spices. The chef's special is also a favorite and I highly recommend it to anyone. One of the least recognized items on the menu is the house special omelet. The name and menu description does the dish NO justice. It is to DIE for. The curries are all great, however, if you like a thicker curry, you will have to let them know as the standard at Komol is the runnier version, with exception of the panang curry. You can order the food pretty spicy. They go from 1-10, with 10 being pretty hot and then superhot levels 1-5. If you love thai food, this place is a MUST MUST MUST!
I will have to say this place impressed me more than I thought it would. Being that it is in the MGM (not predominantly Asian as is the Caesars Palace and Bellagio), I expected an overpriced version of P.F. Chang's. I shouldn't have assumed. In addition to the usual orange chicken and bbq pork, Pearl has taken very traditional Chinese fare and put the typical American twist on it. We ordered the Spicy on Spicy which is a staple dish that I order at all Chinese restaurants if it is on the menu. I can usually judge the restaurant by it's Spicy on Spicy. At Pearl, it was delicious but not as spicy as it should have been. It was the American version, but still great. We also ordered the kobe beef in sweet and sour sauce. Kobe beef is kobe beef: tender, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. Slather on some sweet & sour sauce and you've got a kicked up version of sweet n sour beef. We also ordered the spinach sauteed in garlic which was cooked to perfection. There was just a little crunch left in the spinach and loads of garlic flavor. We also had the soup of the day which was mostly some vegetables in a pork broth. This is a restaurant I would definitely go back to. Keep in mind, it is fairly pricy. The kobe beef was $130 and there was enough on the dish for 5 people to have one small slice. I would still say that Jasmine's (Bellagio) versions of the same dishes are FAR superior.
I have only eaten Hawaiian food about three other times at L&L Hawaiian BBQ. I wasn't very impressed with their food at all but I thought it was because it was more of a fast food restaurant. I read all the great reviews about Island Flavor and was anxious to give it a shot. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is pretty friendly. I ordered the Hawaiian Special which was LauLau with a side of fried rice, macaroni salad, some fish and tomatoes, and a creamy white dessert. LauLau is tender BBQ'd pork served in some type of edible leaf. I was told the leaves were edible so I cut it all up and added the house bbq sauce. The leaf was very bitter and odd tasting. It completely ruined the flavor of EVERYTHING else that was in my mouth so I moved as much of it aside as I could. After that, the meal wasn't horrible, but it didn't really impress me either. My friend ordered the saimin which is a bowl of ramen in broth and sprinkled with egg, imitation seafood and vegetables. He told me the broth was incredibly bland. Needless to say, I don't think that we will be keeping this place on our list of incredible places to eat.
If you are craving a New York-style pizza, this place has pretty good pizza. I have ordered from this place three times now, and the last two times, there was something left off my order. Last time, they forgot the sausage on the sausage/pepperoni pizza. This time, they left off the pepperoni on the sausage/pepperoni pizza and also forgot to include ranch with my order of chicken fingers. The crust is hit or miss. When it is good, it is REALLY good. However, the last couple times I have ordered, the crust was slightly undercooked.
I can't give this place a 5-star review because I was pretty darn drunk when I went. The atmosphere is great at 4:30 in the morning. When you are slightly about to have  a hangover and are just stumbling out of some afterhours club and are not ready to see the sun yet...this place is perfect. Go, grab a delicious bloody mary, sit by the fire fountains, or get a table. Order yourself one of their great 10-egg omelets (I ordered one that had crab and avocado in it). It is a great place to go with your friends to fill up on pre-hangover food and sober up.
This bar is about as classy as it gets. It may seem cheesy that there is a man playing love songs on a grand piano, but a couple of Cable Cars in, the piano melodies almost become hypnotic. This bar is famous for their Cable Cars, a spiced rum cocktail served with a cinnamon/sugar rimmed martini glass. They also make a fantastic Scooby Shot. I am not sure what they do, but it tastes almost like a tropical milkshake...creamy and delicious. If you want to snack, the smoked salmon and caviar plate is out of this world good. OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD, i said!
My buddy and I came here craving gyros and chicken fingers. The restaurant is large and spacious but not well-ventilated. The air inside was warm and humid. The staff was friendly though. We placed our orders for chicken fingers and a gyro. 15 minutes later, our food was served. I figured chicken fingers would be safe since they are pretty standard everywhere I go. The batter was....different. When I stabbed the chicken with my fork, the batter just kind of disintegrated and fell onto the plate...like a shell. When I ate it, the texture and taste was a bit similar to what you would get at Long John Silver's. It didn't taste bad at all, it just felt wrong in my mouth.The gyro looked awesome..like your typical gyro stuffed with meet, onions, tomato, cucumber, lettuce, and tzaziki sauce. It wasn't the best, it wasn't the worst. It satisfies the craving.Overall, it was ok. I would go back only because it is so close.
The restaurant is really tiny and more of a cafe. The beef stew noodle is so perfect. Not too salty. Just enough beef, bok choy, and handmade noodles to satisfy any appetite. The pork chop noodle was also very good. It is a milder soup but the saltiness of the pork chop helps to balance it. The house-made chili gives everything the perfect kick and the burn pleasantly creeps up on you. The wontons in red sauce are also spectacular. I believe the red sauce has a vinegar base with hints of sweet and spicy. The restaurant is the perfect place to go during the winter.
I went for Sunday brunch. The patio was full so I would recommend making reservations for larger parties if you plan to have brunch on the patio while a band is playing. The ambience is very nice and relaxing. I would advise against wearing heels though. I was in wedges and found it very difficult to walk on their uneven flooring. Our server was amazing. He made suggestions of his favorite menu items and was very attentive. If you are starving, you will need to order more than one menu item. This restaurant serves very...how do you put it...healthy-sized portions of food. I'm tiny and I needed 2 things. Each dish runs about $15 unless you order just bacon, toast or cornbread. Then it's about $6. The food is rather tasty, but it wasn't $30-tasty. They also have bottomless mimosas and bloody mary though during brunch so it is worth the $$$ if you plan to have a Sunday Funday.
I was on my one-year anniversary date. We ordered the ceviche de pescado and the steak and lobster dinner. Let me tell you. They serve this salsa with a side of perfect chips. PERFECT CHIPS. The salsa is spicy, just a warning, but the best ever. The ceviche is lemony goodness. Simple and so delicious. Now the star of the show was the steak and lobster. Order it medium rare. It is so tender, you can literally cut it with a fork. It is served over a garlic buttery sauce and it is just amazing. The lobster is smothered in poblano peppers and onions. It is an amazing mexican twist on an American classic. GO.
I came here for outpatient surgery. It was extremely clean and sterile as to be expected. The staff members were polite, but I can't remember any of them really going above or beyond to stand out. They did get the job done and followed all protocols. When I woke from my anesthesia haze, I remember it being very quiet, very different than my experience after surgery at Sunrise hospital. The nurse that helped care for me was neither friendly, nor rude, but very concise. Overall, I have no real complaints.
At 6:30pm, I decided to try this place out since it was just a couple of doors down from the phone repair shop where my daughter was having her iPhone repaired. The place was empty which said plenty to me, but the menu looked alright. The restaurant was extremely sterile and clean. We chose a booth and sat down. When I told the lady we needed a few more moments to order our food, she continued to stand at the table so I felt slightly rushed. I ordered a sliced beef noodle soup with wide rice noodles, a pad see ew, and a basil chicken and rice to split with my daugher. She also ordered a thai tea. I asked to keep a menu so that I could order a to-go item to take home and the server actually told me he needed it back so that was that. The tea came up right away and my daughter commented that it mostly tasted like milk and sugar. The beef noodle soup came up next and was no more than mediocre. The beef sliced seemed rubbery and lacked flavor. The basil chicken was alright, but it the vegetables were extremely undercooked...more like slightly warmed up, but still raw. The noodles in the pad see ew were all stuck together so I packed it up and hope my boyfriend will eat it, or maybe the dogs. Needless to say I won't be returning.
I drive by this place on my way to work every morning and finally got a chance to stop in today. I ordered a large black iced coffee and a turkey/provolone wrap. The coffee is nothing special, but the wrap - as simple as it was, was delicious. They make it with some kind of spicy (very spicy) sauce similar to a chipotle sauce. The space itself is very open and comfortable. I will definitely be returning.
The first and second time I used this service to get my dogs groomed was great. The groomers were late, but I had no plans so I didn't mind. I even recommended them to some of my friends. Booking the appointment was a little bit difficult since more often than not, my call would not get returned. The young brunette lady did a great job. She was able to get mattes out of my poodle/shihtzu that ALL groomers have told me would be impossible. Because of this lady, I am giving the second star. Now, the third time, an African-American lady (also late) collected my dogs and I was told that my dog's fur would not be able to be combed out so she recommended a "lamb" cut which I absolutely loved on my dog. She told me she had accidentally clipped his ear and that she had put some ointment on it. Ok, accidents happen and she was good enough to let me know. 4th time, I received a call to let me know they would be late. Upon their arrival, I asked for the "lamb" cut again. Both dogs came back looking and smelling pretty fantastic, but as the day progressed, I noticed that my male dog was constantly licking himself. That night, I noticed that the spot where there should be nothing (because he is neutered), there was a swell. I thought perhaps he had gotten a bug bite and thought nothing of it. The next morning, this small swell had become a large and inflamed swell. I called the groomer, explained what was going on with the dog and asked if they had perhaps switched product but was told they were using the same hypo-allergenic product so I continued to think it was a bug bite. As this day progressed, the swell became very painful to where my dog could not sit and would not eat. I took him to the vet immediately and was told that my dog had bad razor burn and that his nether regions were highly infected. I purchased antibiotics and topical anesthetics. I called the groomer and had to leave a message asking Kim to call me back. It is now 5 days since that call and I have still not received a call back. $55 for a bathing and grooming of an 8-lb dog is a bit much for me to receive this type of service. 2 of the 2 times this woman groomed my dog, she managed to really hurt him. That is 50% of the times this service as a whole has hurt my dog. 100% they have been late. Never again.
I was excited to eat here after having seen the reviews. I called ahead to let the restaurant know that I would be ordering peking duck so they were already preparing it when I arrived. I started with some hot and sour soup. It was delicious. When the waitress brought out the duck, she prepared it all for us and wrapped it in the little buns, sauced it, added the green onion. It was so so good. Nothing short of amazing. It was the rest of the meal that was somewhat disappointing. I ordered the sauteed green beans and some yang chow fried rice. The fried rice was mediocre...nothing more than average. The green beans, which are usually a favorite chinese dish of mine looked delicious. I got the texture I was looking for, but  absolutely NONE of the flavor. It had no flavor whatsoever. None. Then the rest of the duck was brought out and it was very tender but was nothing out of the ordinary. I haven't crossed this place off my list because it is so close to where I live, but if I would only go there to satisfy a midweek craving for chinese food.
The first thing you encounter when going to this bar is the front door. Of course. BUT, if you are already buzzed/drunk, it can be a funny thing. It is somewhat hidden...or disguised as a wall. So when you first try to open the door, you feel like an idiot pushing on this wall. When you eventually get in, you will notice immediately how swanky this lounge is. There is plenty of seating, however, due to popularity and small size, it is usually not easy finding a place to sit. The bartenders are very good at making drinks based off of requests consisting of flavors followed by the letter y or -ish (example: tropical-y, cucumbery, not too sweetish). This is usually one of my favorite first stops since I don't like stumbling into such a classy place.
I called this bakery to order a cake for a bridal shower. I wasn't exactly sure what type of cake I wanted or what decorations I had in mind. I made multiple annoying calls asking many questions. Every staff member that I spoke with was extremely patient and helpful. It took over a month to finalize my cake order. A 50% deposit was required at the time of order and the final amount to be paid upon pick-up. I ended up picking a design from their website and then sent multiple pictures of cakes that I found online and together, the staff and I agreed on a cake design that would work without having to use fondant. I selected a 2-tier (6"/10") red velvet cake with cream cheese buttercream frosting. I picked it up on a Friday at the time as promised and the cake was a huge hit. I did not expect a cake that was as moist, delicious, or more beautiful than the one I ordered. The buttercream frosting was not too sweet and was perfect with the cake. The cake was softer and moister than any baker cake I had ever had and I hate to admit that I once the event was over, there was probably 3/4 of the bottom later still left, and I ate it all in two days. The cake was perfect. The staff was so helpful and nice. The price was at least $100 less than any other baker I had called that was in town. The Gourmet Cake Factory can't be beat.
Since I have been spoiled by Golden Deli in Southern California, it is very difficult for me to give a 5 to any vietnamese restaurant. I did enjoy Pho Saigon 8 more than Pho Kim Long because I believe that the food has much more flavor. I ordered the beef pho with tripe and tendon and it was quite good. It was the first Viet restaurant in Vegas that I ate at and gave a nod of approval to.
I will start off by saying that I am a local. I could have went to any sandwich joint/cafe off the strip and paid a LOT less, HOWEVER, I knew I was on the Strip. If you are on the Strip, you're going to pay twice any amount for that sandwich. Get over it. I ordered the tarragon chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the turkey and avocado on wheat instead of whichever roll they had listed on the menu. The staff was happy to accommodate to our requests and were more than friendly. My sandwich was out of this world delicious. The bread was so surprisingly delightful. Crusty, but with a soft pillowy center. One sandwich was nearly more than enough for me. The boyfriend and I usually order two things and trade halves. His turkey/avocado sandwich was exactly what he was looking for and made to satisfaction. It wasn't anything that lifted my eyebrows but there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. All good here if you're just looking for a quick sandwich.
I often drive by this spot and just assumed that it was another fast food thai joint. I was very wrong. The staff is very attentive and very friendly. The place is quite small but my friend and I were seated immediately. I ordered the pad kee mao and a bowl of chicken tom yum. My friend ordered some red chicken curry and then we ordered the fried banana rolls and a mango with sticky rice. My pad kee mao was surprisingly delicious. It was cooked just right so that the noodles stayed intact until the very last bite. Not too much sauce, just enough flavor. The soup was a bit sub-par, but then again, I am measuring it against the tom yum from Komol. I ordered everything at a level 7 spicy which the waitress said would be pretty spicy, but it was not spicy at all. That's fine, I just added a shitload of spicies from their little jars of fiery goodness. Now on to the dessert. WOW. The banana rolls were just sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth. The mango with sticky rice was probably the best I have ever had. They put a little more coconut milk in the rice than I am used to and it made a world of difference. The mango was also very ripe and sweet. It was good overall and I would recommend this place.
The server suggested that we get it cooked to medium. Upon the first bite, the most pleasant flavor of the cherry glaze and pork took over my senses. I knew right away what it was: BEST PORKCHOP EVER! Hands down. The truffle oil fries were magical as well.
I went to Jaburritos for the first time last night and let me just say that it was the first time I was glad that there was a long line. All the menu items looked so good. There are so many wonderful choices and if, for some strange reason, you couldn't find something to your liking, you can make your own burrito/bowl. It was like a Chipotle for sushi. Anyway, I got the Redondo minus the tortilla and added seaweed salad and sweet chili sauce. The boyfriend got a Rockport as is. I also built a custom burrito for my picky daughter. It was shrimp tempura, seaweed salad, cucumber, and sweet chili sauce. The only reason I gave 4 stars was because one of the girls in the line added tortilla chips when my order specified not to add it. I had to pipe up and ask her not to put them in. She apologized and picked them out. She also forgot the seaweed salad which, by then, I saw that I was holding up the line and didn't feel was a big enough deal. I still got charged for the extra topping, again, not a huge deal since I didn't say anything. All of the burritos tasted amazing. I cannot wait to go back.
I have been through, LITERALLY, nearly 50 hairdressers in my lifetime and have never gone back to the same person twice. I'm picky, ok? I called Kelly Cardenas Salon on Wednesday and got an appointment with Colie that same day. All of the staff was amazing from the moment I walked in the door. I was offered water, coffee, tea, and WINE! At the front desk, I was told if I needed ANYTHING, a cab, dinner reservations, ANYTHING, that they would do it.  I was given a small tour of the salon, then was shown the dressing room where I was able to hang my jacket and put on a robe. I was then led into the "shampoo room" and I will just say, it was AMAZING in there. The sinks adjust to you, relaxing music is played and all the while, you're getting an amazing scalp, neck, and shoulder massage. Colie explained everything she was doing to my hair so my fear that I'd look down and see a chunk of hair fall from my head was alleviated. She was careful about taking off just the right amount of length. The price was VERY reasonable. The experience in itself was amazing. Rather than dreading a trip to the salon, now, I can't wait to go back.
So, the first time I came here, I ordered a pepperoni pizza. It was the closest thing to a great New York-style pizza that I had ever had in Las Vegas. The crust was crispy on the bottom, but not too crispy. The cheese had a nice stretch without it falling off of the pizza and there was ample grease (which I usually blot off). Within the same week, I went back and tried a pizza with ham and jalapeno. The sauce, toppings, and cheese were all still up to par, however, the crust was not perfection as it was previously. It was slightly doughy and there was no crisp at all. I would say that if I were in the area, I would definitely go and pick up a pizza pie and, no doubt, would still enjoy it.
This review is strictly for the bar. When I walked in, I was greeted kindly by the hosts and shown to the bar. I took my seat and was greeted by the bartenders on duty. I ordered gluten-free nachos off the new gluten-free menu and a vodka water. The nachos came on a huge platter enough to feed myself and three of my friends. Drink service was quick. The band was entertaining and so was the crowd. Not a bad spot to hang out on Friday night.
I had seen this place while driving by and finally, on a whim, decided to stop in for lunch and give the food a taste. I ordered a little bit of everything. The pork belly with preserved vegetables, pot stickers, juicy pork dumplings, garlic chicken, cold duck, beef roll, garlic spinach, shanghai rice cake, and beef noodle soup. EVERYTHING tasted fantastic and was very reminiscent of the food I got back home in good ol' Arcadia/Alhambra/Temple City/Monterey Park area. The service was a little bit slow, but the staff was very friendly and apologetic about it. They gave me 15% because it was during their grand opening period. I have heard good things about their breakfast and plan to go back soon.
If you live in Mountain's Edge are and are craving some late night eats, this is your place. I have had much better bar food elsewhere, but the food here is quite satisfactory. The place itself is dark, clean, and doesn't smell of cigarettes and cigars usually. The drinks and food are fairly priced and there is a good selection. The breakfast starts at midnight and that is what I usually order. You can't go wrong with any of it. The burger with the jalapenos is delicious even if you are sober.
Great bar. Great music. Great food. Great management. I went there with a large party and it was very impromptu. The manager Trey got us a table and took good care of us. If you're looking for a party during or after-hours, Yolo's is awesome. Stop in and party.
I knew from the moment I stepped into this church that it would be my home. Previous to the Crossing, I had attended the Calvary Chapel Spring Valley and although I enjoyed it, I didn't truly FEEL it there. Every Sunday service I have attended at The Crossing, I have felt chills and have been moved to tears. It is a large comfortable space. The services are modern, stimulating, and are very enjoyable. My thirteen-year old daughter has no complaint that there is not a youth service specifically for her age category as she is very comfortable attending service with me. I have not always been a religious person. The Crossing has helped me find my way without being pushy and without making me feel judged. I turned in a prayer request for a friend in dire need and I was taken aside immediately and was led in prayer. I love everything about this church and I love being a part of its growth.
The fried rice cake in special sauce was quite yummy. The spicy pork ribs would have been great but they were so overcooked and dry. The beef intestine noodle soup had nice flavor but felt really grainy like It was full of sand. Nice environment and cool booths.
The rooms are very swanky, although not very large. The hallway can be a very funny thing if you have a bit much to drink. Once we got off the elevator and looked down the hall, then at our room number, we knew it would be a long trek. The room numbers started at 400 and our room number was 536. We thought perhaps there was a mirror at the end of the hallway because it appeared to go on forever, but we were wrong. The hallway does indeed go on forever. Once you finally get to your room, be prepared to see a nice modern little space. There is enough seating for perhaps 4 people to be comfortable...or perhaps 10 very drunk and happy people who don't mind standing on the bed or in the closet and in other various places in the room. The beds are very comfortable and the blackout curtains are among the best I've come across in Vegas hotels. Not an ounce of light leaks into the room. Room service will cost you your first born. We ordered breakfast for 2 with coffee and it was over $70. Other than that, it is a great and fun place to stay.
I saw this place and stopped in for an Italian Beef sandwich. It was everything I hoped it to be. The giardinierre here is delicious. I get the sandwich wet which means they pour some of the jus over the sandwich. The owner was more than friendly.
Usually, when I walk into a Japanese restaurant, I get the boisterous greeting from the sushi chefs and wait staff. None here. No biggie. Nice, clean-looking restaurant.The fish tasted fresh. Ordered the tuna and super white tuna. Both were tasty. The rolls, however, I found a little disappointing. The atomic bomb was the only roll I thought was pretty good, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. The Sunrise roll I did not care for at all. It tasted like it was soaked in a garlic soy sauce. The Iris Special roll was very difficult to eat. The sauce tasted very similar to the sauce in the Sunrise roll, but it was a completely different sauce. There was a pasty, yet grainy texture to it and the flavor was pretty gross. All in all, I don't think i'd go there again.
Solarcity has maintained professionalism and sincerity from the start of service until the end. It is apparent how important each customer is. Customer care prides themselves on answering every call within a short period time, answering every question with as few transfers as possible, and answering every question throroughly to ensure that a customer is satisfied and comfortable with their decision to go solar. The staff is knowledgeable about their service and seem to really take pride in how they represent the company.
Being a resident in Las Vegas for the past 12 years, I have been to almost every buffet on  and off the strip. The Bacchanal buffet is up there with my favorites - right alongside the buffet at Bellagio. I went on a Thanksgiving so it was extremely pricey. The first station I hit up was the Asian food station. The chow mein was pretty incredible and so was their mini bowl of Vietnamese beef pho. I worked my way to the Mexican station and enjoyed their green chili enchiladas. The bbq station was pretty standard since I think a bbq tastes the same, however, the hot sausage links were so amazing, I went back for a second helping of it. Now for my favorite: Dessert. I made sure to save room because the dessert station was heavily covered with every type of tasty delight you could imagine. I tried the pumpkin pie, the pecan pie, the key lime custard, chocolate mousse, raspberry parfait, and the gelato. Let me tell you about the gelato. Guava was delicious, honey was very unique, and the balsamic gelato (after acquiring some taste for it) is rather addictive. It is one of the few buffets on the strip that is worth every penny. Just make sure you get in line during an off-peak hour or you will be in line for forever and go on an empty stomach.
Happened to be in the area with some time to kill. I dropped in and was serviced immediately. The salon was very clean and there is a nice selection of polish. The nail tech was very careful about the cuticles that were dry and cracked. The tech did an incredible job and I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
Found a new gem in the Southwest part of Vegas. It's a breakfast/brunch/lunch spot that happened to be on my way home from the gym. I'm glad boyfriend and I decided to stop in and give it a try. When we went, it was closer to closing and there were not many people in there. The food arrived very quickly after we ordered and the staff was very attentive. Here's what we tried: Goblet skillet - Turkey Sausage, Spinach, Roasted Red Pepper over Home Fries with Cheese. Not the deep fried kind, but the delicious kind fried atop a commercial flat-top stove. The skillet came with a side of your choice of 1 biscuit and gravy or toast. Of course, I went with the biscuit and gravy. The skillet came in a hearty portion that I was unable to finish. Griddle platter - Chicken, Spinach, Mushroom and Feta Cheese over Home Fries with 3 Eggs any style. Served with Pita Bread. This was also a scrumptious meal served in a large portion. Just the right amount of feta cheese rounded out the flavors. I liked the goblet skillet way better. Now, it took me a long time to figure out what I wanted because everything on the menu looked so good. Next time, I'm going to try the marinated steak tips because, as the menu says, it is "marinated 18 hrs in Unicorn tears, served with 3 Eggs, Home Fries, Biscuit & Gravy." UNICORN TEARS. Sold.
I couldn't ask for more for a breakfast place...i mean that literally. I had never been to this restaurant prior to this and had no clue that the portions were as big as they are. I went ravenous so I ordered the chicken and waffles AND the snicker pancake. I mistook the look my friends gave each other when I ordered as "she's really going to like this" when really it was "can't wait to see the look on this broad's face when she sees how HUGE everything is." My chicken and waffles were served to me on a serving platter. It was big. It was fluffy. THERE WAS BACON COOKED RIGHT INTO THE WAFFLE BATTER! And it's covered with this big, juicy, crispy-battered, fried chicken. And THAT'S covered with syrup! I'm eating...and I'm like....WTF IS GOING ON IN MY MOUTH? EVERYTHING!*calming down*The snicker pancake soon followed and I kid you not when I say this thing was the size of a pizza. One big, fluffy, melted snicker-encrusted piece of pure heaven. Between bites, my friends were shoving mounds of house-made strawberry preserves on toast down my throat. If ever I had to describe the taste of diabetes (diabeetus), this would have been it. My friends, diabeetus...tastes.....GREAT. Go to Hash House-a-Go Go. You won't regret it.
After a weekend of some pretty hard partying, a friend and I decided that the best way to avoid an impending hangover was to eat a nice juicy burger and french fries. I ordered the blue cheese burger with caramelized onions and sweet potato fries. I have had many fine burgers in my life and this was not what I would rate among the top 10. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it was nothing special.
This is a delightful little coffee shop. You can get the lattes with the designs made in foam. There are wonderful little teas. This shop stays open much later than the typical coffee shops in the area (2am!!!) so you can go and get your late-night study on. The lemon cake was heavenly. The crowd consists of mostly Asian high school and college students. The staff is always friendly, soft-spoken and very knowledgeable of their menu. I don't believe there are really sizes so if you whether you want a cup of coffee or tea, it is all coming in just one size. I think that my little cup of tea costed slightly higher than norm considering it was just a cup of tea, but I suppose I was also paying for the atmosphere and a nice spot to chat with friends.
I got reeled in by a tech who came to my door to sell me service. I just happened to be looking for a pest control company so it seemed convenient to sign up with the first spray being just $1. The tech was very polite and knowledgeable and told me that the initial spray would include the inside of the home, but the scheduled services would always be just on the perimeter of the home. he assured me that their chemical was so potent that the perimeter spray would prevent insects from coming inside my home. Since the signing of my contract in March, there has been a total of 4 sprays. There was the initial spray, a follow-up spray because I was still seeing bugs in and around my home, then the first regular spray, after which, there were still insects in my home. The sent a tech out a little less than 2 weeks before my first scheduled spray of June as a courtesy. Two days ago, I received an email saying that I was up for my scheduled spray. I wanted to know why they would bother sending out a tech just 2 weeks after they sprayed my home and the customer service person kept telling me repeatedly that I was due for my scheduled spray. The next day, I found a roach in my house. After 4 sprays, I am still finding insects inside my home and am just not satisfied with this service. I have had more bugs in my home since signing the contract than I did without any pest control. Customer service has been unresponsive to me all day and my service is scheduled for tomorrow. It isn't the contract or techs I am unsatisfied with, it is the actual service.
This ramen restaurant is located conveniently 2 blocks away from where I live. I went there out of curiosity and hunger and ordered the spicy tonkotsu shoyu ramen. It really blew me away how delicious it was. The broth had just the right amount of spice and the toppings were all amazing. The portion was enough for me to be full, but not uncomfortably stuffed. The staff is polite and the place was super clean. It's no monta, but it is still incredibly good.
The food here does not exactly stand out to me as "delicious and unforgettable" however, the restaurant is pretty much across the street from where I live. The breakfast is very typical of what you could make at home. The restaurant is dimly lit so it great for hangover mornings. The service is usually pretty outstanding. The staff is very attentive and quick to bring you anything you want. They've even got jokes.
The five stars is for the pizza. Definitely not for the health-conscious at all...meaning..it is perfect. Big, fat, floppy, grease-dripping slices. I don't think I have needed chapstick since having eaten it 2 days ago.
This is not a place I chose to go to because I heard the food was great. I went to this place to grab some food before attending the Soundgarden/NIN concert. It was a convenient place to go to for food and it also has a bar. I went on a Saturday and most the people there were also there for the concert. I ordered the Morning Glory burger with sweet potato fries. I think I got lucky with my burger because it was so delicious. It was everything I love about breakfast (my favorite meal) served on top of a juicy burger. The sweet potato fries were pretty badly overcooked so I did not enjoy those. The food is extremely pricy for burgers, but not uncommon for food prices on the strip. Service is pretty slow and it is somewhat like In N Out where you order, then wait for them to call your number and you grab your food. I would have given only 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't give the option.
So I purchased a Groupon for a 1-hour foot massage with the hot stone add-on. I expected a 1-hour long foot massage and was pleasantly surprised when I got a full body rub. You keep your clothes on and lay on these super comfortable reclining chaise-like beds. The atmosphere is extremely relaxing. It is dimly lit by with red lighting. Sounds of waterfalls and soothing sounds fill the air. My masseuse did not speak a word of English, but she did a pretty good job of rubbing me down. At one point during the foot massage, I fell asleep. All in all, it was very reminiscent of my visit to the iPed foot spa in Los Angeles. I enjoyed it thoroughly and for the price, I will definitely make a return trip. There is also a frequent buyer program there so after 10 trips, you get a free massage.
I order delivery from this restaurant almost once a week. The food here isn't great by any means, but it is very convenient since they are so close and they also deliver. Everything tastes very generic, but will satiate the appetite if Thai is what you are craving. If you want your food spicy, order it 2 stars more than what you normally get. I order a spicy level 8 and is not nearly spicy enough. If you order delivery and you have any custom requests, make sure you emphasize it. I am allergic to shrimp and they have added shrimp tto my tom yum chicken soup on more than one occasion. So some reviews on menu items:Tom yum = 3 star: It is good. Not to sour, not too sweet and they use the delicious straw mushrooms and not the cheap button mushrooms. Curries = 4 star: I would say the curries are their best dishes. They are a little bit thinner in consistency but not overly sweet. The yellow and red are my favorites. Beef noodle soup = 3.5 star: It is a little above average, but nowhere near as great as some of the other soups I have had. I order it with the wide flat rice noodles instead of the smaller noodles since the smaller noodles have the tendency to get soggy really quick and then break to many small pieces while I am eating it. Good broth.Thai fried rice = 3 star: Meh..nothing specialSpicy basil noodle = 3.75 star: A litte on the sweet side and they are rather delicious, but once again, I have had way better. Chicken chow mein = 2 star: This is a weird dish to eat at a thai restaurant, I know, but since trying the chow mein at Komol, I have been on the prowl for a thai chow mein that will rival. I have yet to find such a chow mein. Thai beef salad = 2 star: Don't even bother at this restaurant. Such a disappointment. The dressing was bad. The portion size was awful. Lettuce was in leaf form (not cut) and VERY soggy (no crunch).Pad Thai = 2 star: It was so very bland. It tasted like rice noodles, chicken, and bean sprout with a HINT of peanut and thai-ness. I have been to Pin Kaow 1 near Lake Mead and Rainbow and their food is definitely much better than at this location.
So, today I went to Anime ramen for the very first time. I ordered the gyoza and the budae jjigae ramen. The gyoza was fantastic. I ate it with the chili oil at the table and it was heaven. The ramen was perfect. Perfect texture, perfect flavor. I couldn't have been happier with the food. The waitresses all wore anime-style wigs and costume. It was a fun experience and I would highly recommend the place to anyone looking for a great bowl of ramen.
I wasn't too sure what i was about to get myself into. I was being sent for Korean supplies, but usually go to a Chinese market for the foods I need. Today, grocery lists include radish kimchi and napa cabbage kimchi. I got lost in the aisles and aisles of delicious spicy ramen noodles but eventually, i made it out with everything I needed.
The first time I visited this place, I waited about half an hour before I was called back to get my pedicure. I was pretty annoyed by the wait, but my pedicure was done to my satisfaction. I made a mental note to make an appointment the next time. When I went back the second time, I made an appointment and my experience was much better. There was no longer a wait time and other than the nail lady scraping underneath my nail too hard, the experience was good. The third time I went, I made an appointment and requested Trish to do my nails. Trish is the best. She really takes the time to make sure everything is perfect. I requested a design to be done in gel and she painstakingly perfect every line and coated each nail to make sure I had the look I wanted.
We had a great experience at this restaurant.  The food was excellent and the owner is extremely pleasant and helpful.  She was so willing to do anything you would like to make the food just as you like it.  This was our first visit but we will definitely be back.
Brett, his managers, and employees have put together an impeccable experience and a way to find hard to find foods that are amazing.  A must for all foodies.
My husband and I came up to Pittsburgh for our four year anniversary. I thought this would be a great place to spend the day and I've always wanted to do a ropes course. I'm so glad we did this! It was a little intimidating at first ( I wouldn't do it if you are super afraid of heights). But once you get over your fear of being up high it is so much fun. You also hook yourself in to every station. Which is scary but once you get the hang of it it becomes a routine. There are two Tarzan swings that are so fun until you get to the rope wall and have to climb up it haha. That part was definitely one of the hardest for me. It also rained the entire time but that didn't stop us. It was a little better because no one was there! There are a couple of points where you can pick the "difficult " way or the "extreme" way......we tried the extreme way once and we made it through but it was SO HARD. Keep that in mind when you are half way through the course, tired, and you think oh this won't be hard haha. We will definitely go to other Go Ape courses in the future. The girls working that day were super informative and helpful. Do not pass this up!!!
My husband and I came to Pittsburgh for our 4 year anniversary. After eating out for two days we were about to head home but decided to stop here on the way. So glad we did! After having sub par service for the past 2 days the guy waiting on us was great! He checked on us often and the food was so good. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Also found some great beers in the beer cave (some that I've been trying to find for awhile now). Will definitely go back here if we are ever in the area.
food was expensive, service was a-ok. mediocore
This branch of Wells Fargo consistently provides me with the best banking experience I've had. Kelvin and his staff are friendly and courteous and understand customer service. Reminds me of how things used to be. Good job Kelvin, keep it up!
Good food, good prices, good veggie options. Ordered the Veggie Pho, love that it had baby bok choy and broccoli. Will be back!
My family and I have been coming here for 30 years. Family owned and operated by two generations of vets, father and son team Doctors Mel and Dan Bramley. Their prices are quite reasonable and they definitely care about animals and people alike.
Our very first visit and I couldn't be more pleased! Excellent food, very friendly owner and staff. I can't believe I've lived in this area for three years and have only just now discovered it. If you like middle eastern food don't miss this little gem. You won't be disappointed!
I'm a local Phoenician who has been here since 1980 and I must say that the Clarendon Hotel is one of my favorite destinations in the entire Phoenix Metro area. Ben Bethel and co. have a true eye for detail, the entire place is both modern and hip yet at the same time relaxing and comfortable. The Starlit pool and 50 person jacuzzi are to die for and the beds are the most comfortable around (same mattresses used by the Four Seasons!) The newly revamped restaurant, Gallo Blanco, is another welcomed addition to the Hotel, the food is stellar, top notch quality. And no, I am not an employee nor do I have any other vested interest in the Clarendon. I simply love the place, its staff and owners. The Clarendon is our go-to spot to celebrate our birthdays and anniversary or otherwise just relax and unwind a bit. If you're looking for a hidden gem in the heart of Phoenix, the Clarendon is it. You will not be disappointed. :) -Andres Yuhnke
Well worth the $2.  This was more informative than the tour at the actual Dam.  That was interesting, but if you want to really learn about the history of how it was built this is where to go.
I am VERY weary of taking my boys in to get groomed but Bow Wows eased my anxiety and took such good care of my Golden's! (2 80 pound golden retrievers are not exactly easy to handle!) The services were exactly what I wanted, the price was phenomenal, the boys look amazing and the customer service is wonderful! Definitely planning on returning! Thank You!
Just ok at best no way all the rave reviews are people who have eaten there. Definitely a dive but not the amazing food kind of dive. The reviewers are from 1993.  Nice lady and nice service but prices for very mediocre food did not impress
Paid 15 bucks for "sizzling shrimp tacos" for delivery. They gave me a platter of shrimp with no tortillas and not even a fork to eat my incorrect order
Victoria on the phone is a very rude person. She claimed she would call back to make sure the number I gave was correct. She never called back. I had to call back twice just for her to say "you're going to have to come in and order" and rudely hung up.
I have no complaints about my visit here. Service was good and the food was even better. We had the crispy eggplant plate which was so good! And also orange chicken & flat noodles which were also good. Proportions I thought were perfecf. I liked how we were all served soup before our food got there. Looking forward to coming again!
Next time the family and I are in Montreal, la Banquise is on our list!  Great Poutine!
Initial impression: questionable location, pricey menu, not sure if the food would live up to the price.  Well, All I can say is Damn good food! The quality and presentation of the food far exceeds the 4 walls they serve out of. Had the fish chicharrons and hot pepper aioli. It was a great dish! Portions were generous and the service and waiter were great as well. Highly recommend!!  I'm officially hooked on Peruvian food!!www.FranBrandz.com
Food was great! The guac & chips was almost as good as what I make at home! Highly recommend it!!  Def a spot worth visiting 1-2-3+ times!! had the rum pork and vieja.
Def worth the trip back!!  Had the egg and bacon burger.  Food and atmosphere was great!
Paid 10 dollars for the membership fee and was told at the door to pay again... all I can say is... I guess I should over pay for cocktails because it's exclusive... I'll make lacroix and vodka at home
We had a reservation for 10 people at 8:30pm on New Year's Eve and were very excited to visit this new restaurant. This is a long review but worth the read. I am a server and have worked in the industry for years, so it takes a lot for me to write a negative review.We arrived and were seated in a timely manner. At around 8:45 we ordered drinks and our 4 courses from the waitress. She came back a few minutes later and let us know that they were out of 1 of 3 appetizers (the only non-seafood option) and 1 of 3 salads. This was a bit strange since it was a small menu for the night and it was only 8:30! So that was the first red flag. Our waitress was nice but seemed like she wasn't trained properly to handle this kind of situation. No one offered us a different food option and we were basically told you can order from what's there or skip the appetizer and you'll still get charged full price. Next, we ordered a second round of drinks after about 20 minutes and it was a disaster. One of the girls in the party realized she was given the wrong bottle of wine the first time around and notified the waitress about it to bring the right one (she hadn't even drank one full glass of it). Never got it. Half the table ordered from one server and the other half from our server. Some people got drinks, some didn't. I was given the wrong drink and then not brought the correct one for 45 minutes! On a night like New Year's Eve after you've just told us that you're out of a few things on the menu, we should've been able to at least get our drinks quickly. One guy in our party ended up going down to the bar to order them because it took so long.The first course appetizers came out at a normal time but once we finished, the dishes sat on our table the entire time we were there. The salads did not come out until almost 10pm (an hour and a half after we sat down) and we quickly realized they used the same salad for the other two options. One was a bibb lettuce salad and one was a spring salad. Both had mixed greens. I understand if you run out of something to use something else, but the whole point of having three different salads on the menu is that they were supposed to be different. So that was frustrating.We had somewhere else to be and were getting very irritated and hungry. We asked around 1015 where our food was and the waitress came back and said about 20 more minutes. We then made the decision to ask to speak to a manager and let her know our concerns. The lady seemed nice but very flustered at what was going on and didn't really have an answer as to why the service and kitchen were lacking. After talking to her and realizing we weren't getting anywhere, we decided to pay for what we had and just leave. They only made us pay for the alcohol which was nice, and we left our waitress a 20% tip on the $130 in alcohol. Had we stayed, she probably would've had a $1500 bill and gotten over 20%. As a waitress, I probably would have stayed if there had been a little more customer service. We were never offered a round of drinks, or a discount for the appetizers we did not want when they were out of the one, and if they would've made a bit more effort, things may have been different. I know it's a new restaurant, but they were not prepared for the night at all. I would not go back on a busy night ever again.
Love this place!Food is great quality, authentic, inexpensive and ready quickly!I reccomend the pad Thai and spicy basil chicken dish
I started taking my dogs here about 6 months ago due to the reviews here on Yelp, and I've gotta say, the reviews were true. Shawn is wonderful. My dogs leave Pawfect feeling soft and smelling great! And the prices are amazing, I got 10% off from booking online. You can't beat that! Shawn truly love what they do and it shows in the quality of service they provide. I've recommended them to my family. We'll be customers for a long time to come!
We went here last night. The food was amazing !!We got 3 prime rib specials and the chicken dinner. It was incredible !!Kudos to Kenny (our waiter) and Raphael (the chef). We've got multiple allergies and Raphael came out to our table to explain how each meal was prepared and what the different ingredients used. We WILL be back !!
I am always happy with the services that Tree Pros provide. My trees look better as a result.
This place is fantastic!  I was visiting town, and after several people recommend this place, I thought I would give it a try.  I was a bit hesitant as it is not the normal glitz and glam of vegas....DO NOT BE FOOLED, this place was like winning the jackpot. The brisket and tacos were some of the very best I have ever had!  The sauce was amazing!!!  I will definitely go back every time I am in Vegas.
I am very happy with the service.  My carpets were extremely dirty and Rick did a great job of getting them clean.  I live in a rental, or I would have ripped the carpets out!  Great service and a great price.
we were enjoying ourselves and having a nice pre dinner drink at the bar and we were told we were too loud. The bar is very loud with upbeat music and crowded with people but the bartender said their standards were higher. We are almost 40 and professional. Then I spoke to the GM and he was unapologetic about the whole thing and said we could leave if we wanted to. Horrifying to be spending upwards of $300 to be spoken to that way. We stayed to assess the food and it ranged from fine to decent to dry and inedible. Please come here if you are elderly and quiet. Apparently the decent music is a front. So lame and disappointing.
As i was eating my rotisserie chicken, i looked down and noticed blood ooozing out! Yuck!
sat at bar with buddy... got a draft , emptied it, waited for bartender 10 minutes...finally gave up, moved to patio, waited 15 minutes....not even water , meanwhile , 7 different waitresses came and went to other tables, never even looked over.  In my opinion, the waitresses and bartenders appear to be air heads doing the bare minimum while waiting for 'Mr. Right' to come along to save them & pay their bills.....watch them cluster into little cliques to have useless conversations having nothing to do with what they're supposed to be doing.  Go work at a strip club....if u want $ just for being pretty, at least put in an honest days work instead of pretending to be a waitress.
This has become my regular nail spot since I moved here to Vegas. I love the staff that works there. They are so nice to us and love to start up a good conversation. I always go in with my best friend, we always forget to make an appointment but they still take us. Sometimes the wait can be a little longer, but they're in a great location so there's a bunch to do around there to keep you occupied while you wait. I'm almost always happy with how my nails come out. I will admit, some of the nail artists are definitely more talented than others...but that's typical anywhere you go. I do wish they did some more cool Stuff when it comes to nail art. They definitely have a specific style and only a few designs they really work with. Sometimes I'd like to try something or come in with an idea and get a little disappointed when they say they can't do it. especially when it's something like an ombre that I know a few places can do. Other than that, though, I'm happy with all services I've received there. I'll definitely be going back and this will absolutely continue to be a regular spot for me.
I'll admit... I'm a pizza snob, 100%.  So, for this place to get five stars is definitely saying something.  I tried this place with a friend on a whim.  Someone we had met had recommended it and we were looking to grab a bite before hitting the town for a bit.  We went in and I appreciated the small menu.  Small menus are my favorite because it makes me feel like the restaurant really knows what they do well and focus on that, rather than offering pages of options.  We settled for the beet salad and the pizza bolognese.  I don't love beets, but my best friend does so I settled for her.  She LOVED it.  And when I say loved it, I mean she has dreams about this salad.  Now, the pizza bolognese sent me to heaven and back again.  Normally I don't go for what we on the east coast call "specialty pizzas" that have the works on them.  Being a Jersey girl through and through a plain pie with a nice, crispy crust is a dream.  So I went with what was closest to a plain pie and that's the pizza bolognese.  Instead of regular tomato sauce, the crust is covered with meat sauce.  Well, I was amazed that something could be so good.  I didn't even want to go out anymore!  I would have sat there and eaten this pizza all night if this were an option, sadly they were closing since we got there so late.  There is no other way to describe this pizza other than to use the word "perfect."  It makes me extremely nervous that I will be living extremely close to Settebello in my new apartment.  I will definitely have to practice will power and stop myself from ordering this pizza every night.
Two words: bottomless brunch!  Those are probably two of my favorite words on the planet, especially when they are put together!!  Who can hate a place that offers endless mimosas and bloody mary's?  Not this girl, that's for sure!  A friend and I were craving a good brunch and wanted to try something new so we decided to check this place out after book marking it forever ago.  We walked in and it was pretty empty, which for some reason always makes me nervous, because shouldn't a good place be packed and have a huge wait.  Well, I learned my lesson... I definitely should not be judging this book by its cover.  We started our meal with mimosas.  The best way to start the day in my opinion.  The menu is small, which is exactly what I need since places with pages and pages of menu can be overwhelming and take forever to sift through to figure out what you want.  The short menu helped me get straight to what I wanted.  We decided to split the beef sliders and I got the breakfast burrito.  The sliders were awesome and their fries were AMAZING.  I can truly appreciate some good french fries, and these were worth it!  My breakfast burrito was also on point.  I do wish the chorizo had more of a kick to it, but just a minor detail compared to the meal as a whole.  I LOVED the live music!! There were just two guys playing piano and saxophone and singing in the corner and it was definitely a great addition to the vibes the places was letting out! Another small hiccup in our visit was that we got coffee and it took a lengthy time to finally get to our table.  For how slow they were when we first entered, I was surprised by how long it took for our food to come out and our mimosas to be refilled.  But, for the prices, I honestly don't deserve to complain.  Another great thing about this place is that you can switch from mimosas to blood mary's and vice versa if you choose.  I know at most places that offer bottomless you need to stick to one, but not here!  We will definitely be coming back because this place has all the elements to a wonderful Sunday Brunch!
I won't lie... I did go in with high expectations, so that might be why this place is only resulting in a three star rating for me, but I just wasn't wow-ed.  I LOVE mac n' cheese...it's basically a passion of mine.  I will say I loved all the different options and flavors they offer!  Definitely some interesting mac n' cheese concoctions.  A friend and I were so fired up that we decided to get four different options and then taste test from them all.  We got the truffle mac, the smokehouse mac, the spinach artichoke mac, and we created our own pasta that was a penne pesto with mozzarella.  Of all of the options, the truffle mac was the only one that I'd really kill for.  But, I am biased because I am a FIEND for anything truffle!  Otherwise, all the others were "eh."  I don't know if my expectations killed the dream, but I just wasn't amazed.  They do sell beer and wine which is nice!  AND, they DELIVER.  Which is definitely nice to know.  If I'm ever sitting home and don't feel like throwing together some mac n' cheese it's a great option.  I just don't know if I'll be dying to go back unless I'm really, really, really craving some mac n' cheese.
Italian is always a good choice in my book. My friend and I stumbled upon this place one day when venturing out for ice cream and decided to give it a try. The first time we went we went during lunch hours. Their lunch menu is definitely significantly smaller than their full dinner menu. But, you will still be able to find something you will enjoy. The second time we went was for dinner and I definitely enjoyed the wider variety of options. As for their dishes, I feel like they're hit or miss. The lasagna was amazing and I will probably get it time and time again when we go back. There were a few appetizers I didn't love, but that won't stop me from going back and trying out a few more options on the menu. Their tiramisu is AMAZING! I've had great service when there. The wait staff is personable and friendly with their patrons and I really appreciated that. The best part about this place? The view!! Definitely one of the best restaurants with the best view of the strip. I can't wait to go back when the heat calms down a little bit and sit on the back porch outdoor seating they offer. I can imagine a wonderful sunset dinner happening at Ventano. The vibes this venue offers are definitely adaptive. This place would be great for a romantic dinner for two, but it could also be wonderful for a family night out. I will definitely be classing it up with my girlfriends one evening for a special occasion. All are welcome and all will feel welcome when eating at Ventano.
My best friend had been asking me to try this place with her for quite a while and so I finally caved.  You might get a little confused driving there, at least I was, or maybe my gps took me a funny way-who knows.  But, once you get there Baguette Cafe is definitely a good find!  It's a small little place and the staff is extremely nice and helpful.  The girl at the counter could tell it was our first time and walked us through the menu!  I decided to keep it simple and got a ham and swiss croissant and an iced white chocolate macadamia nut cookie latte. Yes, you read that correctly.  When I saw that on the menu, I thought I had died and went to heaven. The ham and swiss croissant was typical.  It was pretty good, but nothing that blew me away or stood out, but then again I did keep it simple and didn't order one of their other more specialty items.  The latter though-whew!! I was in love as soon as my lips touched the straw sucked up that liquid gold.  If for the latte alone, I am in OBSESSED with this place.  From what I could over hear from the party next to us, their quiches are delicious as well.  There was a chocolate pie I was interested in trying, but was too full from my main meal.  This is definitely a healthy alternative for when I am on my best friend's side of town.  And let's be honest, the trek is worth it for that iced white chocolate macadamia nut cookie latte!!!!
My two favorite words beside bottomless brunch? HAPPY HOUR.  This place recently opened up at the Galleria Mall and I had heard it had a great happy hour, but I wouldn't believe it until I experienced.  We just happened to go on National Martini Day so they had even more drink specials than usual.  I can say with 100% certainty that their Happy Hour is UNBELIEVABLE.  Not only are their drink prices out of this world, their bar bite prices are amazing too!  We got 3 or 4 drinks each (two of us) and about 4 bar bite plates to share.  The bar bites are largely portioned so we were more than stuffed when we finally finished.  And everything we had was delicious!  I loved the flat bread I ordered and their spin on fried mozzarella was amazing too!  I am normally not a martini person, but in celebration of National Martini Day I decided to step out of my comfort zone.  The bartender sold me on one and it was amazing!  I loved the food.  I loved the drinks.  I loved the pricing.  I loved the location.  I basically loved my whole visit!  My main issue is that the service was relatively slow for how not busy they were.  For example, the manager was testing the bartenders pours.  One of the bartenders had just taken our drink order when the manager said it was his turn and he chose to test his pour rather than throw together our drinks.  I understand from an industry perspective how important it is to test pours, but if the two patrons whose order you just took are sitting right there and could visibly see you chose to take you pour test for 5 minutes before making our drinks (which would've taken the same amount of time)...that's just poor decision making my opinion.  The customer should always come first.  It would have been different if we were at a table and weren't there to see it, but we just got the vibe from our bartender that he didn't really care about servicing us and had better things to do.  There was a female bartender on staff who took amazing care of us, though, balancing out our experience!  But, this place had just opened so I'm sure they are still working out the kinks and everything will begin to run smoothly with time.
Love the vibes here! Definitely a great environment to just grab a few drinks with people and chill. I haven't had their food, but they definitely mix good cocktails. The bartenders offer great service! They are attentive, quick, and entertaining. The two guys who were bar tending when we were there had us laughing all night and took good care of us. We will definitely be going back. The only thing that was slightly off putting... And this is minor... Was that at the bar there are machines and the management has the bartenders put signs on the seats that say "these seats are reserved for players only." I can understand they want to make more money, but there are no bar seats without player machines. From experience I've gotten better service at the bar than when at a table with a server, so I prefer sitting at the bar. So that caught me off guard. Otherwise, though, everything was awesome!
I'm excited to go back and try Mad House again.  I've only been once and I enjoyed it, but I want to try some of the other things on their menu.  I got one of their sweeter options, going against everything I know I like about coffee.. and sweet is just not me.  Even though my choice was a little sweeter than I would've liked, I still really, really enjoyed it.  In addition to the coffee, I got one of their almond croissants and that was absolutely delicious.  My friend also really enjoyed what she got.  We tried some of their macaroons and those were absolutely delicious, also!  The thing I loved most about this place, was the ambiance.  It definitely reminded me of the cafes I would frequent back in New York City.  It is a very chill place I can see myself going to lesson plan and hang out with a good cup of coffee.  They've got cool little murals on the tables and fun game around the place to hang out and enjoy.  We played a quick game of tic tac toe while sipping on our coffee and enjoying our snacks.  I haven't been back since, but I do plan to try it again and try some more of the options on their menu.  When I do, I'll be sure to update this review with my opinion on more!
This place has some awesome pub food! The poutine is awesome and I love shelleys buffalo Mac n cheese. Great happy and great service everytime I've been so far. Wednesday nights are trivia night and my group had SO much fun. I definitely was not made for trivia but it was a great atmosphere and just really great vibes overall. Loved the bartender. They made a great Moscow mule and they have a great beer selection. Definitely a must try if you haven't yet!
This place is definitely for all my ladies and gentlemen out there who are "skinny fat."  You know the type I'm talking about... You love food and don't know what you would do without it, but hate the extra pounds it adds to your amazing physique.  Yeah, this place is golden for you. You walk in and are greeted with enthusiasm from the staff that works there. The decor is bright and cheery and one of the walls even boasts, "live happy." I can't imagine not being happy when walking into this place. The menu can be a little overwhelming because it is quite jam packed, but make sure to read it through before placing your order. You don't wanna order something in a rush and miss something you could really love.I ended up going with the Chickawaffadopolis (basically chicken and waffles). It was AMAZING. The chicken strips were perfectly crispy and the waffle was delicious. My friend got the Cranburkey with a side of truffle fries. I stole some of her truffle fries and they might be some of the best I've had here in town. I also went with one of their coldpressed juices: the Summer Quench (cucumber, celery, Apple, and lemon) and it was great!! I really enjoyed it and would definitely get it again. I think what I honestly enjoyed the most was the friendly atmosphere the staff treated the guests with. The person at the counter was amazing and super helpful since it was our first time. I will definitely be going back again soon!
Not bad, but not great.  That's really all I can say about this place.  I was HANGRY after a long morning of apartment hunting and the last apartment I had looked at was right next to this establishment, so my best friend and I decided to quench my hunger and check out my soon to be new local eatery.  I love the bright and cheery atmosphere you are greeted with.  The place is decorated in bright colors and huge windows fill the place with LOTS of natural light. I loved that about this place.  The menu is kind of overwhelming on your first visit.  There are just so many options and you want to read the details about them to make sure you're getting something you like.  I felt a little rush with a line forming behind me, so I decided to keep it simple and get a turkey burger and sweet potato fries and a lemonade.  The lemonade was definitely extremely refreshing on a scorching Vegas afternoon!  the sweet potato fries were...alright.  Potatoes any style are my favorite food and these quenched my hunger but didn't exactly satisfy my taste buds.  They were slightly soggy and I really need my fries to have a nice crisp.  The burger was also just alright.  It was your typical turkey burger.  Nothing too special about it.  I'm not completely striking this place off my radar.  Since I will be living right next to this restaurant, it will definitely be a nice pitstop on my way home from work on nights I don't feel like cooking and want a healthy alternative, but it probably won't be the kind of place that I'll be running to to get my last meal when the apocalypse happens.  (Yes, I said when, not if... because it will happen.)
Bored of the pool in your back yard or apartment complex? This is definitely a great alternative to change it up for a day. Went here for a friend of a friend's birthday and I absolutely enjoyed it. There are two pools: the main pool for everyone and the 21+ pool. The main pool is a great size and I love that there is a super shallow part where you can put lounge chairs and lay so your tanning but also getting splashed by the water to cool off from the heat. I don't know what the cabanas are like since we didn't stay in one, but our group did get day beds and had to spend a certain amount to be able to stay there. Definitely worth it though! The 21+ pool is pretty small and was pretty crowded while we were there, but it was a nice change of pace from the family filled main pool. The main issue I had with this place was the service. First of all, we were required to spend a certain amount and it might have taken forever to get to that amount because of how long it took for us to get anything. We were clearly there to party and it would take a ridiculous amount of time for us to get something as simple as a round of straight shots. If they were busier and there were more people ordering, I could understand... But it just wasn't. Our drinks were pretty simple (no specialty cocktails or crazy mixtures here) and there really was no reason for us to have to wait as long as we did to get our orders. Also, the kitchen closed pretty early especially in comparison to the pool close time. If you're there and you're drinking, you're gonna need a bite at the end of a booze filled day and an early kitchen close does not help with that. Definitely an easy place to take the group and have a good time, but certainly room for improvement.
I drove by this place at least 4 times before FINALLY realizing that it's a kitchen inside of Mr. G's.  Don't waste gas by making the same mistake I did! Honestly, I love greasy heart attack food.  Johnny Vegas Grill is just the place for that.  My bestie and I were both just in the mood to stuff our faces and have no regrets!  This place was pretty close to work so we decided to check it out.  We ended up getting SO much food.  We split a burger and got a bunch of apps, including: cheese curds, olive poppers, mozzarella sticks, and boneless wings.  For the most part, the food was great.  Some of it could have used a little more flavor, but overall I was pleased.  The only reason they lost a star was for service.  My friend and I were intrigued by the pizza quesadilla and we ended never getting to try it.  They completely forgot it was on our ticket and we never got it.  It ended up being on our check... which we of course got it taken off.  Also, I'm not sure if they solved this problem since we were last there, but their prices on the menu didn't match the prices in their computers that they actually charge.  The prices were higher in the computer by anywhere from 50 cents to a dollar.  I know a lot of these are service no-nos, but my reviews are heavily reliant on the food and the food didn't disappoint.  I'll probably be back one day when I'm having my next heart attack food craving.
Ready to be the coolest and hippest person in your friend group? Park on Fremont will win you that title. Right across from the Fremont experience downtown, Park is perfect for people watching! You will see people of all walks of life doing all kinds d things. You will not get bored... Promise. This place is all about the cocktails. I'm talking straight up mixology. The first few times I went and read their cocktail list k thought they were crazy with some of their concoctions...but that is why they're the experts and I'm not. Although they sound like crazy mixtures, their drinks are some of the most delicious drinks I've had here in town.  If you go, the pillow talk is the most refreshing and amazing drink I've had-ever. This place is also ultra trendy. You and your friends trying to find someplace new to try that's cool and hip? Suggest this place and your group won't be disappointed. From the second you walk in you know your entering a cool place as the staff is dressed in flannels. Flannels are always a good sign. The decor adds to the cool, unique, and trendy vibe you get. Everything is super bizarre but put together in a way that works. If weather permits, I really recommend sitting out on the back patio. Really cool seating and great vibes out there. Also, if you can pull yourself away from your party for long enough there is a "secret" seesaw behind the wall with the fireplace in it. Always get good laughs when you take a ride on that thing. Like I said, this place is all about the scene and the cocktails. That is why they get 4 stars and not 5. Although it's a great place and I will definitely be going back time and time again.... Their food, to me, is just good. Which isn't a bad thing, but I also don't think it's 5 star worthy. Also, their service can be pretty slow. I've only ever had one server there that took care of us at a good rate. Otherwise, I've always been left waiting. Trying to flag down my server to speed the process along. Other than this, though, Park is the place to be! Recommend it.. You won't regret it.
I love breakfast food and i was extremely excited to try this place after reading previous reviews. I will say the service was amazing and the staff is super nice and attentive, they had one major pitfall for me...their country gravy. A friend and I split a bunch of stuff and I just wasn't as impressed as I expected to be. Their breakfast sandwich was good and so were their potatoes. Their chicken noodle soup was a bit salty. But it was really the country gravy I was most disappointed in. I like to consider myself somewhat of a gravy expert and there was just no flavor to it. Definitely very meaty, which I could appreciate, but sill lackluster in seasoning. I definitely was not dazzled.
This review is purely based on experience seeing as I haven't had the pleasure of trying their food just yet.  After dinner downtown, my bestie and I decided we wanted just one more drink before we headed home.  We had heard good things from friends about Perch and went for it!  Without even trying their food, I already fell in love with this place.  We walked in and sat at the bar.  The bartender was SO friendly and made our whole experience wonderful!  I decided to go out on a limb and try their Caiparinha.  Now, it is hard to impress me when making one of these because I've spent some time in Brazil and know exactly how one of these should taste Brazilian style.  Well, I was not disappointed!  The drink was pretty authentic and impressive.  I can't wait to go back and try their food, especially their brunch!  Great spot downtown in Container Park!  Can't wait to update this review when I go back!
Manicures are one of my greatest pleasures in life.  It is my favorite way to TREAT YOSELF.  Well, honestly, my bestie and I ended up at  Modern Nails only after trying to walk in to our usual nail salon on a whim and they were too busy for us.  We went to Modern Nails because it was right down the street and had decent reviews.  Well, I almost wish I had just gone home and treated myself with a pizza instead. The salon is clean, that is for sure.  The woman doing my nails was indifferent to the fact that I was even there.  She was on her cellphone the whole time, and basically ignored that there was a person attached to the hands she was working on.  Also, they didn't even try to seat me and my bestie together, even though the salon was EMPTY and we clearly walked in together.  The nails were fine for the first day or two.  But after that, they began to crack and the top coat got dirty.  Yes, I'm a teacher so my hands go through A LOT of wear and tear, but at our usual places, this is never an issue!  Needless to say, I will never be going back to Modern Nails.
When the craving for Mexican hits, it hits hard and nothing else will satisfy.  So I was not stopping until I had some proper Mexican food!  Some co-workers had suggested Macayo and I was pleased to find out there was a location five minutes from my work... how convenient!! I went in with a friend and we were famished, so of course we ordered close to everything on their menu!  We were greeted with warm chips and salsa, which was amazing!  We started with their appetizer sampler and their dip sampler.  Both were HUGE portions and we immediately regretted how much we ordered! The appetizer sampler was great!  It offered pretty much two of everything, which was perfect for us to split.  Their dips are all amazing. After sufficiently stuffing our faces with this, the rest of what we ordered showed up at our table.  Now our server definitely thought we were crazy for how much we ordered, but we hadn't been forewarned about the serving sizes! (Consider yourselves warned!  They're HUGE!)  We got a few things to split since we were new to Macayo and wanted to try as much as we could.  We got the TCT and juevos con chorizo.  I feel like we also got something else that is escaping my mind right now!  The TCT is a giant open, family style quesadilla.  It was a great way to share with my friend and put exactly what we wanted on our own quesadilla.  Brilliant in my opinion!  For example, my friend loves beans but I don't... serving the quesadilla this way lets her have what she loves without ruining the quesadilla for me, and vice versa.  Now after spending a few months in Brazil, I am quite the chorizo enthusiast.  For this reason, I get kind of nervous when I try chorizo at a restaurant, because let's be honest how do you compare to local Brazilian chorizo?  Macayo did not disappoint! Their chorizo was delicious that I ate up every last bite! Now, I only tasted one very, very briefly, but from what I'm told their Margaritas are amazing.  From looking at their menu, they definitely offer a variety of flavors and types and my friend got one and they're huge!  I unfortunately don't drink tequila anymore (let's just blame one bad night in college for that one) and couldn't enjoy one of the refreshing drinks, but you should definitely get one next time you stop by Macayo!
Definitely the best thai place I've tried here in vegas. I always get the same thing when I come and I am never disappointed! The garlic fried rice is my favorite, but my best friend always gets the 3 color curry and swears by it. The chicken satay is awesome! If you want your life changed forever for the better get the roti for dessert! You won't be upset. Definitely a must try and well worth it!
I discovered this place when I searched "healthy" on the Yelp app... I know, creative.  I was dead set on not cooking, but didn't want to completely derail my diet.  Desperate times call for desperate measures.  So after bookmarking about 38 protein, salad, and healthy eats I decided to give this one a try because it was the closest to where I lived.  I went in and was pleasantly surprised.  The store and prep area are both very, very clean!  The staff was extremely friendly and patient with me as it took a hot minute for me to decide what I was in the mood for.  My favorite part about this place is that you are in complete control of what is going in your meal from start to finish.  Normally I don't like wrap places because there is always at least one thing in the wrap I don't like (I am relatively picky when it comes down to it) and then I end up getting something boring and lack luster.  At ZiKiZ, you choose whether you want a wrap, salad, or bowl.  You choose what kind of wrap (regular, wheat, or spinach) and you dictate EXACTLY what goes into it.  My picky eating habits were in heaven.  I got to choose everything I enjoyed and leave out all the rest.  I was double excited to find out that they have a Chipotle sauce that was AWESOME and most places don't offer.  This place is also pretty affordable.  For about $11 I got a wrap, side, and drink.  And, I could only finish about half of the wrap so I took the second half to work for lunch the next day.  Two meals for $11??  You can't beat that.  If you are looking for a healthy alternative and don't feel like cooking, you should definitely check this place out!  You won't be disappointed.
Bagels are one of my favorite things to eat. Ever. My East Coast self is used to having an amazing bagel shop on every other corner and being able to cure my hangovers with an amazing breakfast sandwich. Moving out here I was missing that part of my life for quite a while. I explored multiple bagel shops and just could not find one that could rival what I was used to back home. Until one day a friend suggested this place and I must say I am impressed. Although it's not a New York bagel, it's the best I've found here in Vegas. I have returned to Brooklyn Bagel time and time again and I will continue to return time and time again. Amazing breakfast sandwiches and pretty great iced coffee. Definitely give this place a try!
I have always been slightly critical of people who bring their kids to Vegas for vacation.  What are children going to do in a town built on 21+ fun?  Well, Blue Many Group proved me wrong.  I ended up seeing them for the first time since high school at a YEE.  Although I wasn't sure what to expect seeing this as a woman in my twenties, it was free and seemed fun.  Well, I did have a blast!! I got to go back in time and be a little childish for a night.  The performance is interactive and fun to watch.  It's simple as that.  I ABSOLUTELY recommend it for any families in town.  We were clapping along, participating in all the shenanigans, and DEFINITELY giggling throughout the whole performance. As an adult, I definitely don't foresee this being everyone's cup of tea.  I was lucky to have two of my homegirls at the YEE with me and we are definitely the silly, happy go lucky type at times and this night happened to be one of those times.  We got lucky enough to take take pictures with the Blue Men after the show and it was just the perfect ending to an entertaining evening!  I would honestly go back, most likely only when my family with children comes to visit.  Although I'm still a little skeptical of families that bring their young kids to Vegas, the Blue Man Group opened my eyes to the awesome child friendly options for a tourist vacation.
Elixir of...... love?  Not quite, but I will say I was smitten with this place when I first walked in.  The location may throw you a bit, like it when a friend and I decided to try it, but once you walk in you instantly feel a part of the awesome ambiance.  The decor and furnishings all add to create this cool vibe that just makes you feel chill.  We only went for drinks and I really enjoy their happy hour prices!  I was a little upset their tap was broken because I tend to prefer beers on tap than bottled beers, but they had a great selection to choose from so I was still able to satisfy my thirst.  I was extremely happy they were playing the Women's World Cup game and they even had a huge projector style screen at the other end of the bar for big screen viewing.  We were only passing through before heading to catch a movie, so we only had time for drinks, but the food we saw people eating looked and smelled delicious.  I can't wait to go back and actually try it.  We may have only been passing through, but we will definitely be back and I will definitely update my review when checking the place out for a little longer.  Another thing I noticed is they do an industry night, which is just awesome!! Great atmosphere!  4 stars for now... maybe it'll hit five after I try the food!
They have an amazing beer selection and great service! I just don't love the food here. I expected it to have some amazing bar food and it just didn't impress me. Also, as a bar/arcade you definitely get interesting groups of people coming in and interesting vibes depending on the night. It's an easy place to just meet up with a group of friends, but definitely not our first choice-especially if we're hungry.
If you want to be like the cool kids, definitely make a stop at Grouchy John's. I felt immensely cooler just by stepping inside and seeing their decor and patrons. This definitely reminds me of a coffee shop I would come across when I lived in Downtown NYC. Funky music comes out of the speakers and eclectic art hangs on the walls that you can actually buy if you're interested in picking up some artwork with your coffee. As for their menu-they've got a wide range of flavors and concoctions that I'm sure will satisfy your tastebuds. My best friend did get something with Nutella and her only complaint was that it was a little too thick. I really appreciated that they had almond milk as an option because not all places will offer that. I definitely enjoyed the ambiance and could see myself just hanging there getting some work done, sipping on some coffee.
This is not one of my regular joints when I go to Town Square, but I was going to see a movie and a friend of mine wanted sushi so we decided to try it out. Now, I should preface this with the fact that I am not a sushi eater... It's just not my thing. But, as a semi-normal human being with taste buds I can still find something on the menu I enjoy. We ended up ordering a bunch of happy hour appetizers (YES! They have happy hour!!!) and a carafe of sangria. Sadly, the only thing that has real impressive flavor was our sangria. Which was actually delicious and I would go back, but only for the sangria. The food just wasn't anything that wowed me. There was a lot of lacking flavor that I was just expecting and excited for. It's not that the food was bad, it just want that good either. It was okay, and who wants to settle for okay? Not I. If we go to Town Square and want Asian again, we'll probably hit this place up. But, it's isn't the kind of place we'll be dying to go back to and craving.
I am definitely planning on trying to become a regular here!  Every week I find myself talking about how I need to change my eating habits and start eating right!  (More like every morning, but I'm trying to make myself feel better here!) Well, Greens and Proteins is definitely a step in the right direction!! I met a girlfriend here one afternoon for a quick lunch and I was definitely in love!  We both got smoothies and split one of their breakfast options.  I was definitely satisfied by the end of our meal!  I got their acai smoothie and I loved it!  It wasn't as thick as some smoothie places make their smoothies and I was definitely happy about that!  It was the perfect flavor and consistency.  AND, it filled me up!  Now, I'm a hungry, hungry hippo, so I usually need a lot more than a smoothie to satisfy my hunger.  But not here!  My appetite was completely satisfied and I had to force myself to split the frittata with my friend.  Which was also delicious!!! This is definitely an amazing healthy alternative in the area and I can't wait to go back and try even more!
This is the closest to a New York style pizza I have been able to find since moving to Vegas and I am absolutely in LOVE. Everything I've tried from their menu so far is awesome! I also love how ridiculous some of their pizza sizes are. I got the 24 inch pizza once and it's HUGE and that's not even their biggest size! This place is great for groups and lots to share! Garlic knots are amazing as well! They have a super speedy delivery and really easy to order online and pick. The food is great AND they're convenient: making this place perfect in my opinion.My only comment is as a New Yorker, I always ask for the pizza to be well done so that I can get that crispy crust I love so much.
Nothing drives a girl more crazy than a bad cut... okay, maybe a chipped nail is worse... but you get the point.  Elements Salon will not disappoint!!  Although I have only been in the salon three times now, I have always enjoyed my visits!  When I first moved to Vegas I was extremely nervous about letting someone new touch my hair (I had been with my previous hair dresser in NJ for about 10 years).  Well, a trusted co-worker suggested Elements and so off I went... adventuring into the abyss of unknown highlights and hair cuts.  The first time I went, I kept it simple with my usual style (highlights and a trim).  I worked with Jeanine and I loved her!! She is SO friendly and kept me chatting and entertained throughout my whole visit.  She took amazing care of me!  She made sure to double and triple check everything I wanted to make sure  I was getting exactly the looked I wanted.  After my first test run I was ready to take it up a notch with Jeanine on my next visit.  Since the summer was coming around, I wanted to try something fun.  So, I went with a purple ombre.  Nothing is more fun and out there as that, am I right.  I LOVED it!  She did a great job blending it and keeping it subtle for my first time around with a deep color on my ends.  I loved it so much I went back toad more and have the purple go up a little higher to make it more noticeable!  I love the purple so much that I'm pretty sure it'll be staying around long after summer is over.  I've only ever worked with Jeanine so I can't really attest to the other stylists, but everyone is always extremely friendly when I come in and everyone makes it an enjoyable experience! This will definitely be my new place while I live in Vegas!
Four words.... Out of body experience.  My homegirl Britney has DEFINITELY still got it!  We went to her show as a birthday party for my bestie.  There were 8 of us in one of the back rows and we partied all night!! It was an amazing way to celebrate my main girl's birthday!! When you walk in, there are glass cases with Britney exhibits (costumes from iconic music videos) and its awesome to walk by and get to see the outfits we ALL wished we could rock whenever Britney came out with a new music video.  If you get the souvenir cups, your refill drinks are discounted, which is great when you're a group of girls lookin' to party. No, Britney doesn't sing live.... but let's be honest... you run around a huge stage, dancing your ass off and tell me if you can physically handle singing.  Most of us are out of breath walking up two flights of stairs... let alone running around a stage trying to entertain a huge amount of people.  I don't think she should lose stars for not singing live... and if you went to this show expecting her to.... you might be a little naive... or you really just don't know what a Britney experience consists of.  I had a blast and loved every second I was there!  We may have been a tad obnoxious, but we were giddy little girls excited to see Britney slay! And slay she did!
Having this place right around the corner makes me very, very happy! It's definitely a solid breakfast spot for when you don't feel like cooking but also don't feel like going to far. I wouldn't say you need to venture across town to check this place out... Definitely not that phenomenal of a breakfast spot but it's enough to satisfy the taste buds! The first time I went, I was feeling adventurous and wanted to try something I had never had before! This being said, I went with the Monte Cristo. The dish in and of itself is out of the ordinary and I honestly REALLY enjoyed it! It was weird but a good weird! I would definitely get it again. My second time (and third... And probably will again on my fourth visit) here I got the bacon cheeseburger skillet. I love this skillet! It's the perfect mix of lunch and breakfast in one plate!! Want a cheeseburger but want eggs and potatoes too? Boom! It's all right there in your skillet. One day I do plan on trying an omelette of theirs that has polish sausage in it (being Polish, that'll be a real taste challenge!). When I do I'll be sure to let everyone know how it is! The thing that makes this place truly awesome, is the service. I've never had a bad experience with the service here! Granted, I've somehow managed to get the same server the last two times I've been, it doesn't matter. From what I could see all the staff is friendly and on their game! Like I said, not the kind of place you need to venture across town for, but if your in the neighborhood or live around the corner like me, than it's worth a stop!
The only thing that redeems the Yard House is its phenomenal beer selection.  There's honestly nothing better than seeing a million taps in front of you, especially if you're the person who prefers beers on tap over any other alcoholic beverage.  My usual is the house honey blonde, but I do enjoy changing it up for darker beers or different flavors sometimes.  I usually end up sitting at the bar because at a table the service is hit or miss.  This isn't to say the service at the bar is a million times better, but I definitely enjoy the bar more than a table.  As for the food I have my usuals that I always go to.  Yard House to this day still has some of the best truffle fries I have ever had.  Sometimes I've been disappointed with them coming out soggy, but flavor-wise, they're still on point!  I love the queso here as well!  I tend order those two as my meal and call it a day.  Yard House at Town Square is definitely an easy staple in my life.  It is half way between my apartment and my best friend's apartment and we love the beer selection!  Other than the service, there really isn't anything I can complain about!  We always come back time and time again!
Moved to Vegas in August and have been searching for a place to start a sleeve since I got here. Did some research and decided to go into Revolt Tattoos to check it out. To say I fell in love is understatement of the year! Awesome staff. Everyone is so chill and ready to roll I felt great before even starting any work with anyone. They helped me get to the artist who would best suit my needs and I got to meet him and got great vibes from the very start. He worked on the sketch and gave me options to make sure I would be absolutely happy. Everyone in the studio made sure I was entertained and comfortable while waiting. I got to work with Dwight and this was kind of a test run to see if I would want to work with him on my sleeve. He was amazing! Super chill! Great art work! I just love everything. Before I left I made sure to leave a deposit and my ideas so he could start sketching some more work for me. I could not be happier with my experience at revolt tattoo! This place is everything you look for in a tattoo studio! Cant wait to keep working with them!
My best friend is German and she happened to be craving German food one night and asked if we could please, please go to the Hofbrauhaus.  I had never experienced it, so I decided to give it a whirl.  We showed up and all the servers are in costume.  I love that!  Some people might think it's lame, but I personally think it adds to the experience!  Huge beers? Yupp, my version heaven!  The beers were good, big, and flowing all night!  We spent quite a long time drinking and snacking the night away!  Their food?  Just as good as the beer!! Since my bestie and I are both equally indecisive, we decided to split two of their main dishes.  We got the burger and the chicken sandwich.  Both were AMAZING!  The meat combination in the burger had the perfect flavor and made it stand out compared to other burgers I've had in this city.  The chicken sandwich was perfectly crispy and I enjoyed every second of it.  It wouldn't be a complete German experience without getting a pretzel!  Just as enjoyable as our main dishes.  Having the german music in the background, great food, and good service... this place earns its 4 stars.  It's a bit pricey, which makes me upset because I can't afford to go there more often.  But, I will definitely be back as a local when I'm feeling the German itch!
I can't believe I haven't noticed this place before! I've been eating at Metro since I moved to Henderson and just glanced over this place, but never went in... Let me tell you, I've been missing out this whole time!! Today, on my day off, I gave it a try and this might just be my new regular spot! I walked in and automatically loved their environment. The playlist is a great mix of a little bit of everything. There was some classic rock, R & B, pop, and calming music too! Their decor is super cute and chic and makes me feel classy and cool just by being there! Their pedi chairs are huge white sofa chairs that are super comfy! Definitely something I had never seen before, but really enjoyed! I got to work with Alexia for my mani and her attention to detail astounded me! She turned my rinky dink nails into actual works of art that I can't stop staring at now! She kept me entertained with great, authentic conversation. She worked diligently to take my nails beyond what I ever expected they could look like! I will definitely be requesting her when I come back here! I worked with someone else for my pedi-I want to say her name was Misty-and she was great too! She took care of my feet, which is not an easy task! Overall, I had a pretty perfect first experience at The Nail Room. They are a little pricier than some of the other places I've been to throughout my time in Vegas, but the experience and quality of work is absolutely worth the extra few dollars! They won me over and I think you'd be a fool not to at least try them out! I promise you won't want to leave!
Tried this place for the first time today and I fell in LOVE. Amazing vibes and just such a cool culture. I got the iced white mocha and my best friend got the Nutella cappuccino and both were equally delicious. My white mocha was exactly what I needed in this Nevada heat. The service was great and it was a chill environment. I cannot wait to go back!
I will say, the main reason I didn't love this place was the service. We came here on cinco de mayo and the place was not busy at all. My group made it quite clear that we were there to eat and drink and the server didn't come to us even though our first round was empty for at least 20 minutes. After we got our food, I got the burger and all I wanted was some ketchup. The server did not come and ask us once whether we needed anything or how our food was after it was dropped. He dropped the check without even asking if we wanted another round or if we wanted dessert. I could understand if they were at least busy but it was super quiet while we there so he had the time to give us better service. All that being said, the queso is amazing. I just wish we had a better server.
Sometimes my cravings are my worst enemy... But today, they helped me find a wonderful gem! Sitting y the pool trying to handle this insane Vegas heat, I turned to my best friend and said "Italian ice.... I need it. Now." So instantly she turned to yelp and we decided to give this place a try. Don't be deceived when you first pull up. Google maps will take you to a gas station... Instead of yelling at your phone, just accept it because your phone is correct. This place is a little truck type thing on the side of the gas station. After getting un-confused by the location I was excited to finally satisfy my craving. I thought it was awesome that they have so many flavors!! I am quite an indecisive person, but I still appreciated the multitude of options. I decided to get three flavors: blue raspberry, guava, and mango. Each flavor was as delicious as the next! And it looked pretty too. Although this place calls itself "purple penguin snow cones" it is definitely the closest I've had to a legitimate Italian ice in quite a while. Needless to say, I'll be going back and testing out all the other flavors on their extensive list! I'm pretty sure purple penguins are my new favorite animal!
Came here for their happy hour after work on an extremely hot day since they have frozen drinks! Definitely an extensive tropical drink menu which I can definitely appreciate. The passion fruit mango white sangria is awesome! Definitely recommend that! The chicken quesadilla was a bit much for me, but still okay. BUT the beef empanadas were AMAZING! Definitely an interesting crowd depending on what you're looking for. One of the bartenders we had-Jason- was awesome! Super personable and great service!
Egg works has the best breakfast in town. I always go between the sunrise mountain or the mashed potato omelette and either is a wonderful choice. So accommodating if you wanna change it up. At this particular egg works the service has been hit or miss. One time I was here and had Robert and it was the worst service I've ever had. Today, though, my server was PHENOMENAL!! Her name was Chelsea and she was on point! She would bring us things before we even asked like a mind reader! Thanks Chelsea! Also there's a dog friendly patio which is great for me and my two pups!
Love this place! I love the amazing whiskey selection here and I love the wine flights. There are a lot of amazing selections and you really can't go wrong. I love the grown up grilled cheese and the arrancini! Tried the the marguerite flatbread for the first time the other day and loved it! Really, all the food there is awesome... I do wish, though, that the serving portions were a little larger because I'm a hungry, hungry lady. The main reason this place only gets four stars from me because the service can be shotty. I love the bartenders and usually get great service at the bar. But, sometimes my group will choose to sit outside and some of the servers are great, but some of them can be pretty rude and take a while. On multiple occasions we've noticed them openly talking about other customers which just isn't cool. Get it together ladies.
The gaudy lights out front boasting "luxury" are definitely not a false advertisement! This place is all about giving you the most luxurious movie going experience of your life. When you first walk in you see the concession stand and right next to it? A bar! Yes a bar. I don't know about you, but this movies and alcohol are my boozy daydream! A tip-when they say large beer, they mean LARGE! As for pricing, it's your typical movie theatre food pricing. Nothing out of the ordinary there. Once we got our food and our drinks we headed for the theatre. Now, me and my friend may have gone a little overboard with the food... And by little I mean WAY overboard... But a security guard actually helped us to our theatre because he saw that our hands were full with delicious goodies. We entered the theatre to find another wonderful surprise. Recliners. Yes, you read that. Recliners for seats. I leaned that puppy all the way back and it was like I was sitting on my couch watching tv. But even awesomer! After enjoying just a unique and wonderful experience at this theatre, I don't know if I'll ever be able to go to a regular theatre again! Thanks galaxy, you've ruined me for life.
They won me over at "waffle cone Wednesday."  Every day they have a different happy hour from 2-6 and on Wednesdays it is only $2.50 for for a waffle cone!  That deal has my name written ALL over it!! I went in and decided to taste test a few flavors.  But, even with all the samples I went to my usual choice... birthday cake.  I can never go wrong with the birthday cake flavor.  Golden Spoon did not disappoint! I got my waffle cone.  Added sprinkles to the bottom of the cone (this stops the ice cream from dripping out the bottom when it's melting... and its a delicious surprise to finish with - you're welcome).  Then loaded on up with birthday cake froyo.  Of course, topping off my treat with even more rainbow sprinkles.  I ate every, single, last bite.  And loved every bite!  I will definitely be coming back to check out even more of their happy hour specials!
As a Vegas local, I can't believe it took me so long to check this place out and I truly want to frequent this place more often.  They have a really solid happy hour.  Their drink specials are buy on get one and they have discounted appetizers.  As a local, the glitz and glamour of Las Vegas of wears off REAL quick.  107 SkyLounge helps you be amazed by the beauty of this city again.  I didn't know what to expect my first time there, but the views are UNREAL.  It is breathtaking to be at a bar so high up in the sky and just overlook the city.  Making the experience even better, discounted drinks and food!  The bartender was extremely friendly.  Even though the bar was packed, service was quick and on point.  They took really great care of us and let us enjoy ourselves for as long as we pleased.  This is also DEFINITELY a great people watching spot.  All kids of groups come in here.  You'll see some of the locals, some tourist families, and my personal favorite... the bachelorette parties. If the views aren't enough for you, then the people watching will definitely do it.  The only reason they lost a star was because of the food.  The appetizers were good, but I wouldn't say they rocked my socks off.  Normally, my reviews are based heavily on the food, but this time around the service and ambiance wowed me so much, that the food being slightly less than wow, will not hurt their review.  The food was still good, especially for a discounted happy hour appetizer, but there was definitely room for improvement.  We will definitely be back for a happy hour!  Also, they have a locals night on Mondays!! Can't wait for teacher summer to start so that we can frequent that locals night!!
Metro Pizza is a great place for a low key dinner with friends and family. This is DEFINITELY a family establishment. Every night they have a different "special offer" and you'll find these on the paper calendar at each table. There are specials for service members and most holidays--they really do vary. There is always an upbeat atmosphere and you're always cozy in one of the booths. Being from New Jersey (home of the best pizzas) I am very, very particular about my pizza. I'm not gonna lie, I don't love their classic pizza-but it's because it's not my style. I'm a thin, crispy crust kinda girl and this place definitely goes more for the thick, gooey crust.This being said, they still get five stars in my book because although I may not love their classic pizza, they have some AWESOME specialty pizzas. They do stuffed pizzas which are just awesome. The Pasta Pie is amazing and they have SO many other options that could satisfy any cravings you may have. You really just need to find what you like and I'm sure you'll be able to do that with their extensive menu! You may not love everything, but you'll definitely fall in love with something.
If it's your first time going... You'll probably get lost and confused. I promise you, this place is worth the confusion. I loved my experience here and cannot wait to go back! A friend and I decided to try on a Friday after work. Like I said I got lost, but once I found it and walked in I knew this was my scene. The decor is super cool and mellow. The staff is awesome, friendly, and funny. I loved sitting at the bar and being able to look through a window into the brewery behind us. Just a super cool touch on their behalf. I started out with the beer sampler just to get a taste of what their home brews had to offer. I found it hilarious that we got a "flight attendant" which was a little bird that rocked back and forth into a glass of water. Definitely a cute and funny detail. I liked most of the beers but settled on the Jean Claude-a strong Belgian beer. We got some hot German pretzels to satisfy our rumbly tummies and just hung out enjoying our beers. This place definitely attracts a cool crowd and I loved everyone that walked in. Chatted with a bunch of other patrons and everyone was as friendly and cool as the next. Definitely a smaller place, but remember... Size doesn't matter! I can't wait to go back and enjoy another beer. This place definitely pays attention to details and is all about making your experience as fun and enjoyable as possible. Warning: this is a brewery and there is no full kitchen. They do sell snacks, but if you're looking for a place to get a beer and full dinner you might wanna hold off on trying this place.
Had a great experience here! I've had a lot of tire issues and I just walked in and they handled my tire right away. I left my car with them while I went and got breakfast and my car was ready before I was done eating. The guy talked me through all my options and helped me figure out what was best for me without trying to make spend lots of money and rip me off. I really enjoyed how efficient they were and they had a great quality of service!
Came here for a staff happy hour after work one day and was amazed at how delicious the bbq was! I got the pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing. Their Mac n cheese was some of the best Mac n cheese I've ever had. Ever. The staff was awesome! They're super chill and provide great service. Great people, great food! Definitely my kind of place!
Ready for a whirlwind roller coaster ride? Than Town Square is your place. Town Square is just so diverse that you get people of all walks of life there. They've got lots and lots of shops for people who rock every style. They've got lots of great restaurants and it is home to some of my favorite bars. Because there are so many different things to do and everything has its own style, this is a prime place for people watching. I can't tell you how many times my best friend and I will just grab some froyo (because yes there is even a froyo place), sit on a bench, and just watch all the people walking by. No matter what kind of experience you're looking for, you can find it at Town Square! Want to hit up a divey college bar? Check out McFaddens. Want a slightly classier experience with a more adult feel? Double Helix is your place. Want some good country music, fireball, and straight up line dancing? The Las Vegas Bull is the place for you. Pretty much every scene is covered here. And I've definitely spent a night or two just bar hopping around Town Square. It's not just bars and restaurants. Lots of great shops. Some chains and some local shops. Coffee and tea shops. Really, whatever you need I'm almost positive you'll find it here!!
First thing is first it is absolutely ridiculous that they are making their employees stand outside in 100+ weather taking orders it is absolutely sad and disgusting to see them taking advantage of them like that. Second all of the manger could careless about having enough staff I see the same 2 people doing all the work while.  a sad work environment to say the least.
Waited for more than an hr, while the staff appeared to be friendly, I did not appreciate them letting a customer jump the line for whatever their reason might be, been to this location many times before and I might not be back again....pls resend the email link so I can leave my contact info
Computers seem to always be down at this location.  I've had to get blood work and pre-employment UA done here for multiple companies. It's very frustrating that staff is aware of this problem as it was stated to me it happens several times a week. If it's a known issue, get it fixed and stop passing the inconvenience onto the customers. Drove out to the Aliante locale to finish my UA.  It was not fun making a drive when your bladder is full.
Had dinner here on my bday...food was good, service was average...didn't like the wait time for hibachi chef to get going...just an average experience
I got in line at the oyster bar 30min prior to it opening at 5pm.  As 5 drew near, I watched with aggravation, 3 parties seated ahead of me because they were "VIP", because these people gamble there A LOT they earned some BS status that allowed them some perks, like jumping the line to eat.  Basically, I felt discriminated against because I'm not a gambler. After speaking with Travis and being told that the "higher ups" granted these perks he couldn't do anything about it. The place is freaking too small to allow these "VIP" access and push everyone else's wait time over an hr. Travis and his staff did their best to pacify my anger but in the end the stupid "higher ups" need to rethink what they are trying to achieve with this location, for me, I felt alienated because I don't sit and donate money to machines regularly like these "VIP". I will be going to the oyster bar at Texas station or wait two hrs at palace station because I'll at least know I earned my seat and everyone else in front of me paid their due by standing in the same lines.  The worst experience I've ever had with any of the oyster bar locations and that includes the 2+ hrs I've waited in line at palace station.
Had a great time here.  Food and customer service was outstanding. I have only one suggestion: add some draft beer from the tap.....this was ten months ago...Here I am again for the third time since...very dissatisfied with the lack of preparation on a busy holiday like Mother's Day...it's not like the holiday was just going to creep up on you...I plan ahead in anticipation of it being busy...made the reservation assuming that this would expedite my wait time...reservation made for 1230 it's now close to 1pm and still waiting....took my rating down to 3 stars...not into hearing excuses... just fix your process in anticipation of being busier than normal..
Car buying process made easy...thanks JR Cavaness and Aram in financing...dealerships could learn a lot from these two about customer service...great work
Worst pharmacy I've ever dealt with in town.  Pharmacy tried to charge me $56.00 for my blood pressure meds...took my script to Costco and had it filled for $12.00...staff is not knowledgeable about insurances and unwilling to help resolve the situation.  Pharmacy personnel just looks at you with a blank stare. First and last time I will go here..Costco or the Walgreens down the street would be a better place.
They did my flooring a few months ago, Albert was cool, guys who did my floors were cool, they left some areas with adhesive on them that have been difficult to remove and some of my baseboards were banged up with nicks in them. I wish they had told me about the baseboards on the stairs being an extra cost, just figured they'd put them back on like they did for the others.  Overall, not the worst but not the best
Spend your money elsewhere for tint, not worth the headache dealing with poor workmanship and poor customer service. Still THE WORST tint place. Please people read the posts on this place. So many negative reviews only way to stop them from doing business, don't give them your business.......
Not the best,  not the worst, service is where you make customers repeat customers...need another sushi maker during peak dinner hours...my orders got bypassed by a bigger party...is that fair? I think the answer is obvious, so keep your apologies because it doesn't stop my stomach from growling
Today, I waited in the drive thru for 40 min because there was no dedicated cashier for both the front and drive thru areas....Daniel Ocampo is the general manager of this store #903...apparently he is the incompetent person who is stupid enough to not adequately staff his store. I guess it's the reason for the poor quality of staff, poor customer service...it's a reflection on him as manager...up the ladder we go till something at the corp level is done to correct the problems this store is having...I would have drove off but once you're in the drive-thru you're locked in and have to wait for cars in front to leave...when I arrived there were only two cars in front of me...never would have thought I'd have to wait 40 mins...find a different location
I might give this store a higher rating if it were located closer to my house or workplace, but it's not. I spent a *ton* of time driving out of my way to visit it one evening/afternoon after work. That's mostly the byproduct of living in PHX, not any fault of the store, but it's still a factor. I knew if I bought something and needed to return it, I'd have to endure the same long drive. Not an appealing thought so it affected my purchase decisions. The selection for what I was looking for was decent (hand weights). However, a lot of the fitness equipment (e.g. benches) didn't have prices on it, and what was labeled seemed overpriced, or at least no better priced than other stores that are closer to where I live and work. The employee who helped me, though, was really great. He gets a 5+ star rating for answering my questions and going above and beyond in trying to get me info on a relatively low $ value item (women's softball bat) and where I might use it (batting cages in my part of metro Phoenix).
Back in Dec. 2014, I wrote a negative review of this store, and gave it a 2-star rating due to one negative experience. Despite my characteristic "you get one opportunity" attitude, I continued to patronize this store (because it's the closest location to my house), and I'm glad I did! Since the one frustrating experience, the staff, notably Desiree and a couple of the male clerks (whose names I am forgetting but Austin is one, and the other guy has dark hair and a beard - sorry!) have been consistently professional, polite, good natured and efficient. I have been in the store dozens of times and have had nothing but good experiences since my original complaint/review. In the past 9 months, they've more than redeemed themselves, IMO, and I'm a harsh critic with high expectations. They have earned each of their 5 stars. Bear in mind, this is not a big store, but I've been able to get all my printing, copying, and shipping needs met there.
Front desk staff is nice. Can't beat the $10 per month price. The main workout floor is is clean but dingy due to age: scuffed paint, gaping holes in plastic walls, labels that fall off their dumbbells and don't get replaced so you have to guess how heavy the weights are, dreary colors (black and gray). The other patrons are all nice. I could deal with the downsides, but plan to switch gyms for this reason alone: Their music BLARES so loudly, I can't hear my own music. Nobody wants to endure someone else's unpleasant music played loudly in a terrible acoustic setting. The front desk staff claims they are not allowed to adjust either the content or the volume. So the only control you have is to deafen yourself with your own music or leave. I just want to workout in peace. I have bailed on several workouts because I can't think straight and just get annoyed with the noise. It's everywhere including in the dressing rooms. It's a gym, guys, not a music venue. Turn it down, or better yet, turn it OFF.
Took my Subaru to this shop prior to a long road trip to ensure everything was in working order. Titus told me I needed 2 new control arms ASAP and that would cost about $1,200. Got a second opinion from Network Alignment on W Bethany Home Rd and they said I needed new bushings only, that it was not a safety concern, and would cost only about $300. I have done business with Firestone for years, and think this just ended my relationship permanently. I always felt like I was getting taken advantage of in their other shops (if I got a flat tire that could not be fixed, they'd happily sell me 4 new tires and insisted I needed all 4 or it would ruin my transmission. This happened 3 times: once in Tucson and twice in Salt Lake City, UT.) The Firestone brand has lost all credibility after this latest stunt. Good riddance.
I hate to criticize any library, given their many funding challenges, but I've had a few negative experiences here and I just had another via phone. (I've also had several good ones, but today, it's the negative that is under my skin.) First, the reference librarian phone number dumps callers straight to voice mail with a somewhat unfriendly outgoing message. So, I called circulation. A woman with astoundingly poor listening skills took my call! I had a few simple questions and her comprehension skills were nearly nonexistent. Instead of closing her mouth and listening to my clear step-by-step instructions on how to look up a *phrase* in their online catalog, she interrupted with incorrect statements and assumptions about what she thought I wanted. She started off with "So, you're looking for something?" Good grief. Yes. Why else would I be searching your catalog via your website? Then she wanted to change the search criteria because in her opinion, it would make sense to search by a format of CD instead of what I instructed, which was "all formats." Then she mentioned that she'd searched by *keyword*, when I told her 3x to search by *phrase*. I wanted to shout"LISTEN! Stop talking and LISTEN." She was absolutely exasperating. I repeated very simple step-by-step the instructions to her 3+ times. She could not or would not follow the conversation, the steps, or comprehend that I was trying to guide her to a page on their website so I could THEN ask my question. All because she was too busy interrupting which led to her misunderstanding. The conversation went downhill from there. Finally, after 2 more questions about the info displayed on and the functionality of their web site, and her maddeningly obtuse responses, she offered to transfer me to the reference librarian where I could, she said, leave a message. ARGH!
Avoid Heather at the Sprint Store located at 9494 W Northern Ave, Ste 111, Glendale, AZ 85305 - She doesn't listen to a word you say, and is extremely disrespectful to customers who are not experts with smart phones. She is condescending, and talks and talks without shutting her mouth long enough to listen and fully understand the true issue. She makes completely false statements with a tone of arrogance. Why? because she doesn't LISTEN or take the time to find out what's truly going on. This woman needs to close her lips and use her ears. Literally. After becoming exasperated, I told her calmly and repeatedly that I wanted to end the conversation and leave the store, and she kept badgering and provoking me into a near argument until I raised my voice. This must be a strategy of Sprint -- angering their customers -- because she was cool as a cucumber, then she had the audacity to say, "Stop yelling at me." Ha! Get a clue. I thought the foreign-speaking phone support was terrible. The Americans in person are worse! I'm sticking with T-Mobile.
This is my favorite place for pizza slices. I am also a big fan of their Italian combo as well as their tuna fish sandwich. Pretty much everything on the menu has been outstanding. And the ranch is to die for. Oh and don't let me forget to mention about the cheesecake. One of the best cheesecake that I've ever had. The staff is friendly and at night they try to get you in and out and be as friendly as possible but sometimes things get a little crazy but hey they are feeding the drunk people. Who can ask for anything better fresh ingredients friendly service and free entertainment. Thank you Joeskeep up the good work.
They have the worst tacos in town. I waited in line for an hour and was disappointment. You know the tacos were nasty if I was drunk and I did not like them. To top it off the staff are liars. And they change the price according to if they know you are not sometimes your tacos are $3 sometimes your tacos and $2 sometimes your tacos or 1.50 it just depends on if they want to be your friend or not. I would never go to this place ever again Filibertos has that that are tacos and customer service
This is my new sushi spot. I am a big fan of the volcano roll. And they're pop stickers are to die for. The staff is very friendly it is a relaxed environment. I have been eating at this place for the past 2 weeks almost 3 times a week. It is seriously that good. I tried miso soup for the first time and it was delicious. Plus they gave me extra seaweed but they can hold the tofu. I like the fact that they have a rotating happy hour menu so you get a chance to try a lot of rolls. I definitely recommend trying the Vegas roll and the volcano roll.
I really love going here for Sunday Funday. They have endless mimosas and make your own burritos that are to die for. Plus the lollipop chicken is amazing.
I have been trying to figure out for years what was the hype about Long Wong's and what was the big hype about lemon pepper wings. So last night my boyfriend decided to bring the two together. Epic mistake. the lemon pepper wings was so salty and an edible. I thought that lemon pepper wings with a lemon pepper sauce not the lemon pepper seasoning itself just rained on the wings. I tried to eat as many as I could because I didn't want to seem like The Ungrateful girlfriend. needless to say I will not be going back to Long Wong wings and I will never eat lemon pepper wings again in my life.
Waste service ever. Walking to the restaurant in the whole entire staff felt like they were irritated by people walking in and asking to place their orders. Then the young lady who took my order forever to get my order after being done handling my order walked over and open up my food at the cash register. I asked her why would she do that and she smiled and said cuz she forgot what it was. I'm trying to figure out if I got two sides and it's what you need to know what I ordered all you need to know again or to side combo. This is the dumbest that I ever seen and I would never eat at this place ever again
The service there sucks. I would never go back after my first and last experience. I work in the same industry and at my job we do not make our guest feel like their begging to spend their money. And that is just how I felt at this Macayo's locations.
I went today and wasn't disappointed. Fast professional service and fair pricing. Highly recommended. Will definitely come back for any computer issues.
Decent food nothing extravagant with the exception of creme brulee. They have a make your own taco section which i went for. Pad thai tasted like chow mein. You get what you pay for. Will still recommend though.
Had my bachelors party dinner here w/ my groomsmen and other buddies. Impeccable service by the staff. Especially our waiter Marcelo who went above and beyond to make sure everything was right. As for the food, side dishes such as: lobster mac and cheese, onion rings, potatoes au gratin, and beef carpaccio were amazing. All our steaks were cooked perfect and tasted amazing. I ordered the tomahawk ribeye.. my god, that was sooooooo yummy!To sum it all up, Del Frisco's never disappoints. Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!
I have been following OtherMamalv on Instagram for a while and drool everytime I see their posts of fresh uni and oysters! I finally got the chance to have dinner there and I will definitely be back again. Drinks: We ordered the Billie Joe and Trixie. The Trixie was awesome, Jameson with honey syrup and candied ginger! The Billie joe was refreshing with gin and cucumber but didn't quite WOW me.. Dinner: We started off with the French toast cavier. Don't think I would order it again but definitely worth a try! Different from anything I've tried before. You have a combination of the saltiness from the cavier and the sweet syrupy French toast. Blueproint raw oysters. $1 each. They were cold and delicious! Perfect! Scallop sashimi was awesome. I'm a big fan of sashimi and this did not disappoint. Melts in your mouth! Lastly, we got the mussels and waffle fries. I thought the portion was big enough for two. The mussels are big and meaty! The fries were good but I would have rathered some bread to soak up the sauce. I can't wait to come back and try the oysters, Kauai shrimp and amberjack crudo. Thanks OtherMama for a great dinner!
Food was absolutely delicious.  Service was slow, but courteous if not competely charming and professional...The resto was very busy...A beautiful Friday night on Monkland after all. We'll be back, with wine this time!
My friend and I went in on a Sunday to get some work done, both by James Colceri. I couldn't be more happy with the cleanliness of the shop and each and every station. I will definitely be going back to get alot more work done. Thanks James
I bought my ram at Sahara Chrysler Jeep Dodge. After 2 months of owning the truck my AC went out, so I took it back and was told sorry we cant get you in we are to busy. I asked for a loan car or a rental car that my extended warranty covered and was still told NO! So I left went home and called Prestige and I was told to come on down and they put me into a loan at no charge. They also told me that there was a recall on my truck that came out in December of 2013, I was never told about this from the selling dealer. John Wilson my service advisor was awesome and took care of my truck.
DON'T BUY FROM DULUTH TRADING COI wanted a shirt from Duluth over Christmas but it was sold out. After the new year it was available so I ordered it. When checking out it the computer system told me to order another $10 in product to get free shipping so I ordered a $12 wallet. A week later I got the wallet in the mail and a note saying the shirt is no longer available. I called and the customer service rep said they had some but took a lot of orders and people in front of me must have bought them all. Well that is just a scam. After a brief discussion of my situation the customer service rep decided to waive the $6 restocking fee on the wallet.  This company is a joke. They are not serious about their business or customer satisfaction.  Please don't buy from them under any circumstances.
The food was really good, but the service wasn't great. It took a long time to place my order, then I had to wait to eat because I didn't have silverware. I witnessed other tables having similar issues, so maybe it was just an off night.
This place is all about the view. The food was MEH, the service was extremely cold. Order a $22 glass of wine and it's swung by the table by some random guy, blink and I'd have missed it's delivery. When at a restaurant of this supposed caliber, I expect an explanation of the wine, etc. Food was just not at all appetizing. Oh and the decor of the place is like eating inside an operating room.
I just bought some hubcaps for my tires that I've been looking for forever. Manny went above and beyond to find them for me and get them in quickly. I don't usually write reviews but I had to because of how well I was treated today. I'll be a customer for life, won't buy another tire from anyone else again. If you go down there ask for Manny, he's awesome!!!
The service is amazing at the Border Grill. Autumn knew all the ins and outs of the menu and was fantastic at describing how everything is prepared. We started with the Green Corn Tamales (free with Yelp check in) and the Queso Fundido. ($14.00) Both of these appetizers were outstanding but the tamales were my favorite. The fresh corn was amazing. I ordered the Chicken Poblano Enchiladas with a side of beans and rice. ($37.00) They were made with braised chicken, Mexican cheese, Poblano chiles, corn, pickled onions and coal charred chayote squash. It was very flavorful. We also ordered the brisket , Al Pastor and chicken tacos. ($19.00) The grilled pineapple salsa made the Al Pastor tacos the best of the bunch.
This is a great little coffee shop that is in a great location and offers a relaxing atmosphere. The service was great with every visit. The coffee is hot and strong and the baked goods are fresh. Today I added a bagel with lox to my morning order. ($19.00) The lox was delicious and I was surprised by the amount that was given in the little plastic container. The tomatoes were not great and red onions were limp  but over all it was a nice set up.
After reading the Yelp reviews for the Yardbird Southern Table and Bar I decided to make a reservation. The reviewers were spot on. This is a great southern fare restaurant with a warm friendly staff. Our waiter recommended the Chicken-N-Watermelon-Waffles. ($36.00) my husband and I added buttermilk biscuits ($7.00) and crispy Brussel Sprouts ($10.00) to our order. The fried chicken is served with spiced watermelon and a Vermont cheddar cheese waffle. They kick it up a notch by adding a side of honey hot sauce and bourbon maple syrup. The flavor combination of this meal is incredibly delicious. The chicken is 100 percent natural with no steroids or hormones and brined for 27 hours before serving. I loved the biscuits and the brussel sprouts did not disappoint.
We waited about 30 minutes for a table and it was worth every minute. I ordered the Hells' Kitchen Burger ($15.00) and my husband decided on the U.K. Burger. ($15.00) Both of these burgers hit it out of the park. They were amazing!! Cooked to perfection!! The Hells' Kitchen was prepared with asadero cheese, roasted jalapeos,fresh avocado, roasted tomatoes and jalapeo pesto aioli. The U.K. had dublinar cheese, major grey's chutney and arugula.  We also tried an order of sweet potato fries. ($9.00) They were fresh and hot.
Gallagher's showcases their dry-aged steaks in a glassed exterior wall to draw attention to those passing by.  This is brilliant marking because the steaks look absolutely amazing. We started with shrimp scampi, clam chowder and a wedge salad. The shrimp scampi ($18.00) was prepared with a tomato cream sauce and was very good. The clam chowder ($8.00) was made with a heavy hand of bacon. The bacon choked out the flavor of clams. The salad ($9.00) was fresh, cold and delicious. For entrees we took the advice of our waiter and ordered the cowboy ribeye. ($47.00) It does not come with sides so we added creamed spinach ($9.00) and a baked potato. ($9.00) The ribeye was cooked perfectly and looked mouthwatering good. The compliments stop there because the steak was really tough and bland....a huge disappointment. The baked potato was good but the creamed spinach was not seasoned properly and had a distinct taste of flour.
Service was great. We were seated right away. We tried the apple and pumpkin pancakes. They were really thick but incredibly tasty. I loved the bacon. French toast and fried potatoes were good. Coffee was hot.
Carlos's Bakery has a beautiful display of bakery items. The line was long and the service was tepid. It appears as though the location provides enough of a tourist base for steady customers and they do not have to put a lot of effort into building on return visitors. I ordered a cannoli and three cookies. My purchases were pretty but basic and flat tasting. They did not offer a "wow factor."
We stopped by Skyfall to enjoy a late night snack. The outdoor patio offers romantic seating and heaters to combat the chill in the air. The view was gorgeous!!! The service was perfect. We ordered calamari, chick pea fritters and a tiramisu for a sweet treat. The calamari and chick pea fritters were oily, bland and boring. The tiramisu was almost completely cream and a pretty poor excuse for a decadent dessert. We excused all of this because it's a lounge not a restaurant and the atmosphere created a completely perfect way to end a lovely day.
The Delano is a quiet hotel when you compare it to the others on the strip. It's a non-gaming hotel with all of the amenities that offer comfort and relaxation. The rooms are big with a bedroom, sitting room and two bathrooms. Our room is very clean and comfortable ..... being on the twentieth floor we have a beautiful view. The lobby restaurant offers farm to table goodness in a relaxed setting. The pool is beautiful and the work out room has everything you need.
The quality of the 6 inch lobster roll was good but I felt that it did not deserve the exorbitant price. ($30.00 with tip ....for a 6 inch lobster roll, small fries and ice tea...served in a paper basket with a plastic fork)The lobster was seasoned perfectly and the meat was tender. The bread was a bit thick for the amount of lobster so I had to pull some off to balance the taste.
I did not think that I would like this place because the pizza does not look appetizing. Nothing would be further from the truth. This pizza is delicious!! It is served with a hot crunchy crust , pizza sauce and comes out of the kitchen smothered in cold cheese and whatever other topping that you ordered. I gave them 4 stars because the poppers were plain and the fried mushrooms were still cold in the middle. The side salad was filled with fresh veggies and ice cold... I loved it.
My husband and I laughed a lot and enjoyed much of the show.  The comedy routines were a riot and designed for tongue in cheek shock appeal. I did think that a very small part of the performance was just ok. The host of the show and the two heavy set sisters who were boisterous hellions were my absolute favorites.  The hosts acrobatic performance was incredible and took me completely by surprise. He was so skilled at pulling the audience in with his sometimes over the top humor and setting the stage for each act that I had no clue he also was a tremendously skilled athlete. The sisters who appeared at the start of the show to warm up the audience were witty and wonderfully entertaining.
I Loved this place. The server was attentive and friendly and the food was wonderful. The pastrami was seasoned perfectly. Everything came to the table hot and fresh.
Like most of the other reviewers we heard about a secret pizza place in the Cosmopolitan that we just had to try. This place doesn't have a name or signage. We located it down a long hallway on the 3rd floor. They give you a choice of several pre-made pizza's and reheat them to order. I decided on a mushroom and pepperoncini slice and a smart water. ($6.50 a slice and $4.50 for the water) The pizza slice was flat and very crisp. The portion of cheese and sauce was balanced so that it did not weigh down the crust or make it greasy. There was a scattering of mushrooms baked into the cheese and the pepperoncini was tossed onto it after it was heated. I liked it and would return on another visit.
Ate there for the first time Sunday and we loved it. My wife had a chocolate chip waffle and I had an awesome breakfast burrito. Service was top notch also. Will definately go back.
Definitely give this place a try! Even though this place is quite small, the crepes and scrumptious pastries make up for it. If this place was a little closer to where I live, I would make this place a weekly morning visit for a joyful cup of coffee along with a try on each pastry. I do look forward to see more options to be added along with the crepe variety. This place also makes cakes for those special occasions. Will try the cake selections next time an occasion comes up.
This restaurant needs a better location. Outside of the restaurant looks terrible with limited parking spaces available. You'll miss this spot if you don't pay attention. It seems more like a business office being located right next to a gas station. Inside though is entirely a different story. It has a grwat atmosphere for a chinese restaurant. Seems to be more classy than a typical chinese restaurant. Great furniture and several large TVs set around with chinese decorations. This is what a chinese restaurant should look like, which reminds me of family when I went here. This place most likely is set for large groups or family as there are many large tables. The menu comes with many pictures that go along what the dishes look like. They have some high end dishes that you can order as well. The food here is good. Though, the 'Hot and Sour Soup' did not suit my taste. I felt that this soup consists of too much black pepper or something was wrong as I did not find it to be any good. Then, the bean soup dessert at the end was not any good either. Usually at other chinese restaurants they serve it as hot, but this restaurant serves it cold which I felt it was not fresh or spectacular. Yet, it is still definitely a place worth a try, and a place I would come back to.
I used to come here often but it is starting to slowly change on their offers. The food and service is great, but the place no longer feels the same.Things on the menu no longer offer everything they used to have. I went in Monday night 10:00PM and was told that they do not have a happy hour when it was sitting on our table that specified 3-5PM & 10-12PM. The happy hour menu barely had any items on it as most were taken off and they covered it with "DISCONTINUED." I've also noticed that they do not have sushi rolls on their menu anymore. Even though on their website still listed a wider selection of items that I looked forward to enjoy, but feel disappointed when stepping inside. Hope that they will fix the menu back to be better.
I had just finished dinner nearby and was craving for something sweet. This place definitely fulfilled my satisfaction. This place is lovely with nice decor and  great ambience. LOCATION & HOURS:It is located in the Southwest area across from the Smith's center and nearby the Windmill Library. They open late till 1am which is great when I need to stay out late at night, this place makes good place to hang out. THINGS ORDERED:Matcha Espresso Latte - The drink looks amazing as they layer it with espresso on the bottom and matcha on top. I am a coffee addict and the flavor was nice and strong without being overly sweet. Just the way I like it :)Taiyaki - I got it with red bean filling with green tea ice cream and topped it with mochi with two big marshmallows inside. This is my first experience with this type of dessert so I was not so sure on how to devour it lol. But I deconstructed mines and I loved the texture of the fish shaped breading. Had a nice touch of crunch on the outside and soft on the inside. Strawberry Banana Egglett - I always enjoy these yummy egg shaped looking waffles and I was impressed with the flavor and nice presentation. Will definitely be back to try their different selection of tea and boba drinks!
Very smooth transaction. The exchange rates here were good. I bought yen with dollars.LOCATION:I felt a bit lost, but was able to locate it with some guidance with the people there. I parked in the garage and got my ticket validated. The place looks clean and it was easy exchanging at the counter. It does feel sketchy from the old building and the people around. Driving here, there were some construction going on around the complex. This place is convenient to me as I work around the area. It was only a few minutes away and is now my favorite place for currency exchanges.
We used the Groupon offer and without the Groupon we would have been less than satisfied.  We started out with the French Onion soup, very very rich.  Unlike any French Onion soup we have had before, and we tend to always try this at new restaurants.  It was so rich that my wife couldn't finish hers.  For lunch I had the burger and it was just that a burger, it didn't wow me.  My wife had the chicken sandwich and it was just that, a chicken breast on a bun.  Great beer selection though.  I think I would return if I was in the mood for a wide selection of beer, but I will be staying away from eating here again.
I agree, I really don't get all of the negative reviews.  It was exactly what I expected.  Not high end mexican (if that even exists), but good mexican food.  We had the Groupon and had no issues with it.  It seems everyone having an issue with it doesn't read the instructions on how to use it based on the number of people.  We had the Cadillac nachos for an appetizer and the waitress explained that they were individually portioned nachos.  So everyone complaining, maybe you should know what you are ordering.  They were great.  For entres we had the enchiladas and no complaints.  So if you are looking for a decent place on the strip, this place foots the bill.
I went with my girlfriend and it was under new management. The food portion reduced a great amount and the meats were dry. Not going back
Awesome smoke shop! Hookah tobacco at the best prices I have ever seen. Al fakher, star buzz, fumari all sold at rock bottom prices. Moe was very friendly and extremely helpful. Highly recommend!
Nice family restaurant, the food is excellent, the fries are delicious, the sardines are cooked to perfection and to top it all off, the hot sauce is exquisite! Seriously, Panelo is a must try in Saint-Hyacinth!
Happened to drive by during lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with their sandwiches. Service was spot on, friendly servers and great ambiance.  If we find ourselves back in this area, we will definitely return.
My family (me, my husband and my 6 month old) got food poisoning at the Fairmont Princess and they treated us like scam artists.  Our family checked in Friday December 1st, 2017 and planned on having dinner there Friday night, relaxing and getting room service Saturday during the day and then taking our baby out to see the lights once it got dark and having dinner at another one of their restaurants, then checking out Sunday, December 3rd  2017. When we checked in we went straight to La Hacienda to have a nice family dinner, the only solid food my baby ate that we ate was the avocado. He woke up the next morning on Saturday screaming and vomiting everywhere, and it lasted all day - as well as my husband and I started feeling sick midafternoon. All three of us spent the whole afternoon and night Saturday violently ill, it got so bad for my baby that I had to call the afterhours nurse line at my pediatrician's office and they confirmed it sounded like he had food poisoning and to watch for certain signs that mean we need to take him to the ER for dehydration, as he obviously wouldn't eat and could not hold anything down. My husband and I were so sick we did not have the strength to pack up our things and go home Saturday. We gathered the strength Sunday morning to pack our things and go home. Upon check-out, I politely informed the receptionist and she apologized and said there were no managers there at the moment but that one would call me that day as soon as possible (Sunday).By 11AM Monday I had heard nothing from the Princess, so I decided to call them. The receptionist transferred me to a Security Guard who then told me all managers were in a meeting and that one would call me back immediately.  Much later that afternoon the Executive Chef/Director of La Hacienda called me asking about the details and if my baby was sick before we got there. He offered to comp the meal that got us sick and said someone else might be calling. Tuesday morning another Director called me and also insinuated that we were making this up because no one else reported getting sick at their restaurant that night. Being accused of trying to scam a resort when we all got violently ill is very disheartening and embarrassing for us.  My husband and I came to the Fairmont Princess Christmas lights last year for our wedding anniversary (December 10th) when I was pregnant with our son and decided then that this would be a great place to bring him every year as a family tradition for our wedding anniversary. We have been excited about showing our baby a great time for a year now while imagining years to come making memories. It is very disappointing that two directors of the Fairmont have treated my family like we are trying to scam them when we happily paid over $1,000 to have a nice weekend. We had hoped we would create lifetime memories but instead we got sick, were told we are lying about it, and treated like con artists.
I visited for the first time today. The owner was helpful in describing the menu items and even tipping me off that I need to mix the yogurt with the rest of the dish. The Iskender Kabob and Turkish Tea were both outstanding.
Stay away from this Oregano's location! I've been eating Oregano's for 15 years; mostly at the Scottsdale & Shea location, but also in Tucson and Flagstaff. I've been to this new Oregano's five times because it's a bit closer than the Scottsdale & Shea location. I've had problems every time. Burnt pizza, under-cooked pizza, long waits picking up pizza, miss matched toppings, impossible to cut, cardboard-like crust etc. I ordered two pan pizzas and one thin crust tonight (3/1/13). I came in at 6 pm to pick up the pizza. They came out and told me the pizza was completely burnt.  Before asking whether or not I still wanted it or even showing me the pizza, they apologized and were already cooking new pizzas for us which were ready by 6:30. After complaining that the thin pizza was no longer hot, the staff gave it to us for free. When we began eating the pan pizza we discovered that the two thick pizzas were completely under-cooked. Of course, the thin pizza was cold due to sitting for 30 min while waiting for the thick pizzas. Because the pan pizza was hot at the time, a few of our guests tried eating the pizza to be polite. Due to the under-cooked crust, it was doughy and disgusting.  One guest in particular is now having stomach issues after eating a slice of it. We will NEVER visit this location again. We will gladly drive the extra 20 minutes to the Shea location since we do still love Oregano's. However, we will avoid the PV location like the plague!
Came here on a Sunday and the booths we're petty nice.  I can't complain about the service, but the the chicken quesidillas tasted kinda funny.  The wings were pretty darn good.  I would give another 1/2 star if available. BTW Got 9 birdies in a row on golden tee and currently the longest put holder, so that was pretty exciting.
For the TS (Town Square) Location:Came in with a party of 5 and was seated right away. It was extremely busy for a Monday night so you know the place is desirable. Inside looks amazing, has a nice  white bar and table tops with gorgeous chandeliers down the back wall. We got an Almond Joy martini,a S'mores martini, Blue Ocean Goblet and a Passion Punch Goblet as well as a classic Margarita. SO GOOD!! all this drinks were very tasty (their specialty) For apps we got the baked brie, popcorn shrimp and a bruschetta and two of the girls got french onion soup to start; all of which were amazing! Usually bruschetta  and french onion soups are hit or miss, well Sugar Factory's TS were definitely A HIT.Next came a Tuna Melt, Tuna Tuscan Salad,Bleu Cheese Bacon Burgers and the best grilled cheese sandwich ever, had 4 different cheeses in it! Plus they have candy, lollipops and merchandise you can purchase before you leave!The food was great and the service was well above anything else I've experienced at Yard House or Brio. Would definitely recommend to any local or tourist in Town Square for the day, GO TO SUGAR FACTORY TOWN SQUARE, so good!!! A+
This place was great! Mexican doesnt seem too attractive for Brunch but our party of 4 really enjoyed it! Rachel was our server,AMAZING experience. She helped us by explaining how the all you can eat brunch worked, as well as giving us the low down on what was the best plates. Will definitely return! THANKS GUYS
Took my girlfriends car here to get washed inside and out (VIP service ($25)). Come before 1 o'clock for the happy hour which is $10 off! Takes about 15 + minutes but it seems they take care of everything: door jams,tires,rims,etc. best around for 25$ no one will beat it. A++ will be back
Best food around!!!! Garbage Salad,Special Meatballs, and a Cookie Explosion shake: perfection!!
Liked this place as soon as I walked in the door...was greeted by Jay. I had made an appointment earlier that day for 3pm. We talked for a couple minutes about what I wanted exactly. Decided on 15% all around my 06 Subaru Legacy. They have a waiting room for customers with complimentary sodas and candy as well as satellite tv. 2 hour waiting time doesn't seem long when you're watching tv with a soda and a snickers. Thought one dude left something of his in my car when I got it back but they give you a free drink coozie. Lifetime warranty,you can't go wrong! Super happy so far with my windows,will definitely recommend and come back for my next car!
This place is great! Had me out in 10 min. Needed fingerprinting,notary and a passport photo and they were a very very fast and pleasant alternative to metro!
Which which is bomb! Definitely suggest this place to anyone! Come in,choose which sandwich you'd like by selecting the coinciding bag. On the bag has your options (cheese,topping,condiments,etc),mark them off and hand it to the line and you're set. Got the pesto chicken with feta and pesto sauce, deliciousness!
Killer happy hour here,beats any one else! Little pricey for the quality/service at regular price but great selection of beers. Me gusta!
Just wanted to give a shoutout to Casey and his service team...took great care of me,came in for an airbag recall as well as ecu update recall. Also asked them to look at a door handle that wasn't working. Casey was super reasonable and got it fixed up for a fraction of what I was expecting to be quoted. Thanks again guys!
Great service here fantastic experience...Steve took good care of me and had me out in about an hour
I like this place. Especially since they have half off when you present a players card and local ID. Been twice,first time I got the filet which was very very tiny. If it was full price ($31) I would have been upset. The second time I ordered the Steak Frites. Best deal there hands down. Both were cooked to perfection but the filet was a ripoff. Good food and even better service. Both times I got a short haired smoking blonde,I think her name was Kendra. She was awesome! Always on top of it! Give it a solid B on food and A+ on service!
Great place to catch the games! Ashley P took great care of us both times we were in! Definitely coming back!
Great place to watch sports and get descent food. Big screen surround sound too. Brussel Sprouts and Quinoa with Grilled chicken good choice.
Ordered the Sushi sampler which included a salad.  Excellent for what I wanted. Traditional more suitable for me. Large pieces of fish and very fresh. Service was awesome.
This place is the perfect lunch spot!  They get you in and out quickly.  Today was my 3rd or 4th time here and I highly recommend it.  The gyro pita is by far my favorite!  The ingredients are very fresh.  You get a very large amount of food for the money.  They have a variety of healthy choices if you choose those.  Like them on Facebook to see what the $3.99 deal of the day is!
Flight attendants and gate personnel are always professional and friendly. The one star is due to American Airlines policy of allowing free gate checking of bags, while the rest of us pay to check a bag at the ticket counter. They have it all wrong. They should charge for gate checking, and for carry on roll aboards but maybe let everyone check one free at the ticket counter. This would save a lot of time and trouble (as well as be fair to the paying customers). Since everyone knows you can always gate check for free the trek their bags through security which also increases the time to get through. Either charge for bags or don't, but be fair to those of us who plan ahead. I travel weekly and have more cancelled, delayed flights on American than all the other airlines combined in the last 5 years. Hopefully they care enough to look at the practice. The gate personnel and flight attendants agree and say they have complained about the baggage policy numerous times to deaf ears.
I have purchased several vehicles from LHM. No more. Ever! DON'T give them your phone number. They will repeatedly call you to see if you want to buy another. I have asked and demanded over 10 calls to be removed from their list and to not be called. It never stops. I've even written a letter. The calls don't stop. I will never do business with Larry Miller again for anything. It's a shame too, because they lost a loyal customer because they are to stupid to honor a simple request. I will be seeking legal action for harassment
As the only positive, the service was basically friendly. I am a weekly traveler and already have an objection to getting scalped by high airport prices but I understand there are a lot of factors in play. We choose to buy or not based on the prices displayed. But getting over charged is obscene. I ordered a vanilla latte and an oatmeal (ticket number 20036) which took 10 minutes to get. There wasn't hardly even a line. I was charged extra for vanilla instead of theme I price for a vanilla latte. I was also charged extra for the oatmeal fixings which accordance no to the menu are included. When I asked the "barista" about the charges she felt I was "coming at" her it all I did was ask why I was charged more than the posted price. When I finally got my order she told me sarcastically "have a blessed day."  She wasn't telling other customers that. Other customers laughed when she said it it was so obvious. In the future I will walk the extra distance to take my weekly business elsewhere. Did they offer to fix my charge? No! And I doubt they will even respond
One of the best Ruben sandwiches I have ever had. The meat was juicy, bread crisp, and beer wet. Loved it and will definitely be back for more.
Decent car wash if you watch them closely. You get what you pay for. Had a detail recently and the quality was great, just took 3 times longer than promised. That being said I would definitely use them again. Never had any damage
Food was good and quick service. However, charging over $5 for a bottle of water (regular cheap brand) is outrageous and is taking advantage of captive customers at the airport. I understand that these locations have higher overhead, but this is too much. We are stuck not being able to bring water through security. Does that give a reason to rape us with pricing?  It's like jacking up the prices on water after a hurricane or other disaster. It is scalping.
Be aware.. Not deaf friendly hotel.. No captions provide even after 2 request.. Was told captions in room hotels had nothing to do with Ada by front desk employee. Here is the email iv sent first to Mgm grand resorts and they passed the buck saying to send my email to guest relations @luxor. Com..Good evening, my name is Ruben D and I'm emailing about an upsetting experience at your hotel Luxor.Well to start the hotel room was wonderful and we did have a good time except of small bit major flaw. We spent Xmas through Dec 29th...to start my girlfriend is legally deaf. So we tryed to get captions going o TV with no luck.. Didn't try hard.. Figured I'll figure out for we had planed on a few relaxing in our room watching some TV. Soo on Sunday night I made a call downstairs about 1030 12/27/15 pm advising them that I couldn't get captions to work and my girlfriend is deaf so they arraigned a tech to Come up.. 45 mins pass nothing.. Call again... Behind on his way.. 30 pass.. Nothing call..should be there soon.. Midnight comes we lost are relaxing movie night.. At that point I call and cancelled.... How long for somone to come up and put the words on TV??. So I decided to go down and express my concerns of 12/28/15 at approx 11 am. with the front desk.. I asked again I need to have someone go up to my room and get captions going.. I told him this is my second request and I told him that I believe ada law requires there be closed captions for deaf.. Employee had the nerve to tell me that has nothing to do with Ada. This is on Monday morning.. I said said I beg to differ.. Again he said.. No captions had nothing to do with Ada.. At that point I told him can you just get someone up.. I not going to argue about ada laws.. I am a code enforcement officer for city in ca.. I know the laws.. Didn't say that but was shocked at his response.. He said my Manger is there want to talk to him.. I said sure.. He apologized about not responding the night before and was just expressing my anger and advising manager that I was upset. We can't get full accommodation of room cause my girlfriend is deaf and she needs the captions.. He said I will put a rush of it.. Told him do you understand.. Said that the decoder may not be working and he couldn't tell me why captions went working till tech went up. I expressed do you see we can't even relax and enjoy our TV.. She is completely deaf..sign language. This is putting a burden on us wanting to relax on out room.. He then snarkly said do you want me to send a tech up or not.. I said yes I do.. Never during our conversation did I say I didn't.. So he asked.. How long will you be gone.. Give me a window.. I said well I can't enjoy my room so well go and eat.. Look around and come back.. So I go back up to my room.. We leave a little later than expected.. Tech guy comes up.. Who was very nice and polite, but couldn't even work the TV.. Couldn't find the captions.. I'm like this is your tech.. I had to show him.. So he says no.. No captions.. Cable company they are using box not working with captions.. Told him well need to provide something.. He said it's the cable company fault.. Once again.. I enforce codes.. It is the hotels responsebity not the cable company.. Enforcement would be after the hotel.. Not cable company.. Shame on you Luxor.. 2 request for hearing impaired.. Deaf and no action.. Has everything to do with Ada law.. Hotel and hospitality.. Public area.. It's required.. And to top it off.. We checked out Tues.. No curtousy call from Manger.. Front desk.. Nothing after tech came.. Manger told me he would let me know what he could do after tech went.. Yet not even a call.. Pay all those resort fees for things I didn't even use and couldn't even have some relaxing movie nights with my girl.. I'm really disappointed and thinking about reporting this to Ada enforcement to investigate.. You have big deaf events in summer.. Believe me you don't want to let word get out your hotel is not deaf friendly and not Ada complaint.... Here is the code.. Educate your employees.(TV decoders: Hotels are also required to have television closed caption decoders available upon request for individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing. 28 C.F.R. 36.303(e). All new televisions with screens over 13 inches in diameter are equipped with decoder capability. Older televisions can be made accessible with a decoding device which is plugged into the television.).. Shame on employee who told me it was had nothing to do with Ada.... FYI.. Our room was 14204..i hope hear a response about this matter.. Thank you and have a Good evening. .
I've been here twice and both a day apart from each other.First Trip I got the Shoyu (Soy Sauce) Ramen.  It's the most basic and simple menu you can get in Ramen and it really tells me how good each part of the Dish really can be.  Second trip had the Abura Soba (Soupless Ramen) Apparently new on the Specials menu. (Didn't see it on the first visit)  I haven't had Abura Soba a lot but again a simple ramen dish that uses simple ingredients so you really judge the chef's cooking technique with the ingredients.  (Everything here is locally grown)Soup:  Simply put it was AWESOME....  Flavors are well blended.  Probably a combination of Chicken Stock with Fish Stock.  Had a robust flavor with a little bitterness from the veggies in the stock. (the balance is exquisite)  I wish it came a little more hotter (Tempurature) but I'm used to the soup to be burn your tongue hot.  Noodles:  Cooked perfectly.  Uses the Standard Straight noodles used in Tonkotsu (Pork Broth) Noodles.  I'm used to the Shoyu Ramen to come with the standard wavy Egg Noodles but the straight noodles worked.  Note: The Abura Soba came with the Wavy Egg Noodles so it really captured all the dry ingredients.  Again cooked to perfection.Ingredients:  You can add your own favorite toppings but all Ramen comes standard with Green Onions, Menma (Bamboo Shoot) and Chashu (Roasted Pork).  The Chashu was just awesome and it came slightly charred so it really brought out extra flavor.Staff:  They are the best part of the entire experience.  They were very polite, attentive and most of all knowledgeable with everything on the menu.  They are very well trained and really made the experience a wonderful one.I will be back to see how much better this place can be.
Service was poor. Waiter was fine but the lobster was under cooked (raw) and the manager did little (IE nothing) to correct this. Additionally the lobster meat was sparse, like the lobster had been sitting a while and eating its own flesh due to starvation. Also, ordered a cocktail "neat" and they charged for 1.5 shots (something about how neat comes with more and therefore (Casino rules) they must charge more). Didn't ask for a double, asked for a single but got charged for a double. Again, manager had nothing of value to say about this. Will not return. Expect more and deserve more (paid nearly 200 a head after wine, so it's not like we went cheap).
The L A fitness gym is filthy. The cleaning service talks on the cell phones  all of the time. The police investigates burglaries mostly from the parking lot but also inside. I go to the gym to mostly swim, use the sauna, and go in the hot tub. One or all are not in use all of the time. And when they are down they stay down a long time. It is very difficult to quit the gym. They tell you to see a certain manager who is never available. The hot tub is a cesspool. The staff is only interested in selling. When you do quit they put you on a national call list to bother you by calling your home. They commit fraud by not fulfilling their services. Do not join this gym! D L
Hot tub is a cesspool at the L A Fitness.
We rented a Hummer Limo for four hours for my grandson's 18th birthday, so that the entire extended family could ride around together.  Our driver was James Ring and he was so helpful and pleasant, as well as a good driver.  I have nothing to compare this to (my first limo ride!) but I will say that we all enjoyed ourselves immensely and would definitely call this company for a second rental!.  The limo was a huge hit with the kids and the 18 year old loved it.  Thank you James and Phoenician Limo
The oncology office with Dr. Beaver and Dr. Arthur and their ENTIRE group of animal lovers have helped us more than I can say.  They are taking care of our beloved Owen with such love and respect and caring.  It is a difficult time and they are constantly easing the burden by their help and amazing availability.  In addition, I have never seen another office where my lovely boy actually runs inside to see everyone.  I would like to say that if you have any choice, go to this office - you will be so glad you did.  Additionally, when I checked with a friend at Ohio State who is currently obtaining a Ph.D. in animal oncology, she confirmed that all their recommendations were excellent and cutting edge.  I say Thank You Dr. Beaver and all, from John, Barb, and Adria.
Wonderful pizza. I took them up on their water challenge and did notice a difference. Regardless of whether the water makes their pizzas taste good or it's something else, is irrelevant when you enjoy their delicious pizza.Wall Street is one of their best.
Great place to have a very good torta. La cubana was quite good, even if the ham was the thin-sliced variety found at the supermarket. The pork, however, tastes like cochinita pibil and it's delicious. The next time I'm having the pork torta.The horchata and tamarind waters were good but too sweet.
Great food, excellent service and the kitchen looks as clean as I've seen. The portions are quite big and their rice and lamb are always delicious.
Great food. I have had the Bootlegger hamburger and their pulled pork sandwich and they are both excellent.I will be going back to try some of their other menu items.
The ordering/seating process is a bit odd but it somehow works for this place.The service is great and the food is outstanding.
The food is delicious. The service is quite good as well and we didn't have any trouble getting a great table overlooking downtown Scottsdale. They don't have a kids' menu but there are some options that the kids can eat with no problems.
In spite of the reviews here, this place still seems like a hidden gem. The place itself doesn't look like much but the staff is very friendly, and the hamburgers are some of the best that I have ever eaten, in all of my life.I'm fortunate enough that the place is close to work and I've been there a few times with co-workers and we usually all order the week's special. The pictures make the special of the week seem almost randomly put together but once you bite into it and get all the flavors together, you realize that the chef is a genius.  We have not been dissapointed by anything that we've eaten there.  We'll keep coming back to try the new specials.As much as I dislike Guy Fieri, I have to thank him for finding this place.
Excellent pizza. The menu is short but the options are all very interesting and quite good.  Great service too.
This is my favorite sushi place in all of Arizona.  I have also taken out-of-town visitors and all have been delighted. The food is excellent, the service is great and the place is very cozy and relaxed.
What a terrible company! I was very excited to have found a Groupon for this service. Following the Groupon instructions, I called the number provided to schedule an appointment; I reached someone and I was told to instead fill an online form. I hung up and went to the website to do so.Days go by and I never receive a call to confirm an appointment so I try to fill it out again to make sure it was sent. I also tried to call directly to let them know that I had filled out the form and hopefully get confirmation from them; instead, my call was forwarded to a voice mail. I left a message and I never got a call back.Some weeks after that I fill out the form a third time, and try calling a couple of different times, always being forwarded to their voice messaging system. Not one call was returned.  Reading about other people having trouble not only making appointments but trying to have the company honor them prompted me to contact Groupon directly and have the Groupon refunded before having to deal with them.
A group of coworkers and I went to try this place after one of them highly recommended the buffalo burger. When we got there he did mention that the only thing to improve would be the service.Intrigued by the buffalo burger, all 6 of us ordered it. While we waited, we saw how just one server and the bartender were struggling to keep up with the rush of lunch hour. Since it's possible that another server scheduled for that day, or two of them, just didn't show up, we didn't hold it against them... they did look like they were trying their best.However, after we all finished eating, someone asked if it was worth the almost $20 price of said burger, and not one of us could say yes. The patty was dry (ordered as medium cook level) and it had no taste whatsoever. All I could taste was the arugula and a little bit of sauce, but the meat was quite insipid.If I want a great burger, or "the best burger in AZ", I'll go to the Paradise Valley Burger Company.
We were really looking forward to trying this place. After a friend had warned me about the sub par service and food, we went to try their "safe bets"; we got the baby back ribs and a salad with brisket.The ribs were tasty but they were not tender so that the meat would just fall from the rib; the salad was missing the avocado and the corn... Our server offered to have it redone and we obliged, only to have it back now missing the beans and with onion that, per the menu, shouldn't be there.He was right about the sub par service and food; we're back to Famous Dave's.
It's a good concept and some of the food is OK. The carne asada was chewy, the carnitas tacos had no flavor. The queso fundido was great but the corn tortillas are pretty bad.The place and the service are pretty good but if you're going there for authentic tacos, this is not the place.
What a great place to discover the chicken and waffles dish. The Mac & Cheese is also excellent and so is the service.For those rare occasions when I crave fried chicken, I'll go to Lo-Lo's to satisfy it.
Excellent food, great atmosphere and delightful owners make for a great place to eat.We will definitely come back.
The area is sketchy, the place is quite humble (also, as stated by others, their location is now on Bethany Home Rd.), they only take cash, their menu is very simple with few options. Still, I'd drive back there because their tacos al pastor are the best I've had so far in Phoenix, served with pineapple and everything.
These are the best tacos I've had in The metro area. Even better than the mexican franchise "el taco tote". Their horchata, tamarind and jamaica drinks taste just like the ones in Mexico.
We went to this place, from the opposite side of town because a good friend recommended it to us. The ribs were a little burnt and dry. The pork was good but nothing extraordinary. It might have been just a bad cooking day, but it's hard to justify the drive all the way there just to give them another chance.
Surprisingly, I liked the brisket better than their pulled pork, which is a testament to how good their brisket is. The menu is nothing fancy but the food is delicious.The ordering system is a bit odd but it's easy to figure out. Great service as well.
Absolutely worth the long wait and price. The chopped brisket is hands down the best I've ever had.
Good hotdogs but still missing several of the staple toppings to be considered authentic sonoran dogs.
We used to be regulars when it was Native New Yorker. We were back after a couple of years and the service leaves a lot to be desired. We had to wait over an hour for our wings only to receive an incorrect order. They offered to fix it but we weren't willing to wait another hour so we ate what they brought to us. Then, of the 3 flavors brought, 2 were cold and only one was at the right temperature.Later on someone stopped by to ask how everything was going and I told her how bad it had been so far. She offered to give us dessert but we weren't hungry nor in the mood to stay for dessert so we declined, paid our full tab and left to never come back. We'll find another wing place.
My father brought his mercedes SUV here to get a freeon charge. They ran a diagnostic test on the air conditioning unit and claimed we needed a new air compressor unit. They quoted us $1800. At that price we wanted a second opinion. We decided to take it back to the mercedes dealership because we just preferred to have all major work done there. We called the mercedes dealership and told them what was diagnosed and asked for their estimate.   They quoted only $1000!  We were shocked!  We immediately packed up and drove over there. After mercedes ran their own diagnostic test they concluded the air compressor was fine and only needed a freeon charge!These pep boys mechanics are the dirtiest I have ever come across!  They see and elderly man with a nice car and absolutely try to fuck him!  Im tempted to post their names but will not. After reading all the other reviews I am not the only one sharing a similar experience. These mechanics should be avoided at all costs!
Best burrito in town hands down. Friendly service too! Love the pulled pork burrito.
My co-worker and I have been traveling to the Scottsdale area for over 6 months now and this is easily one of our favorite places. The food is great and we really enjoy the atmosphere. The Iive music on Wednesdays is some of the best we have seen but we usually spend our Monday nights at The Montauk. There is a bar tender named Shanna that takes care of us and she is outstanding. From food and drink recommendations to high quality service, you can't go wrong on a Monday night with her.
Surprisingly decently good service and food for 1am. The waitress was super friendly and the food came out in roughly 15 minutes. I ordered The Cafe Surf & Turf which was great, came with green beans and I opted for French Fries.
DO NOT STAY HERE! New rooms are very small, have a terrible layout and no amenities. The Monte Carlo is still under construction and should be closed during remodel. The casino is torn apart with only a few machines, restaurants, bars and pool are closed but they are still charging full resort fees. We approached the manager with our concerns and he was very unapologetic and rude. We come to Vegas often and with so many great places to stay this will be our last time staying here.
The great thing about this place is that they are open 24 hours. The best time to go is breakfast, rather than late night. We went late night and it took about 40 minutes to get our meal. The prices are ridiculously high, but it's super convenient for people staying at TI.
Went for lumch as truly impressed!  The lunch special was great and the service was friendly! The interior was cute too!  I highly recommend thos place.
We tried babaganoush and ezme as appetizers. Then we had "doner" that was the kind you can see everywhere in Turkey. We topped it off with baklava. Overall it is awesome.
Lahmacun is good and comes with good size. One think you must try is a desert that is made by pumpkin the sprinkles of walnut. It is even better from the ones I tried in Turkey. Overall it is a warm and cozy place. The owner is very friendly as well.
This place is excellent! Very old fashioned with great old fashioned's. Live much every night which a treat and some of the best pasta I've ever had. Try the leftovers.
walked out after twenty minutes waiting with ONE party out of at least ten other parties inside visibly having orderedsomeone came around to offer "skipping the line" and get the $50/head prix fixe menu - are you kidding me?  who in their right mind goes anywhere offering a prix fixe menu that makes you wait in the damn street?nothing, NOTHING is good enough to justify that line, that wait, and a terse sign at the door whining about how "we know it's cold out, that's why coats were invented"get a bigger venue - sizing down for "exclusivity" just makes you look like a dick
I come here pretty often and every time, everyone is so, so nice and turnaround on food is quick! Best burger fast food chain, imo, even if a bit spendy. The friendliness of the staff at the Monroeville staff in particular makes it well worth the extra cost. Keep up the great work, guys!Only wish is that the franchise started offering fried eggs for their burgers.
What happened to US Airways? I used to fly with these guys all the time a few years back and it was fine but now it is completely ridiculous. We arrived at the airport with plenty of time (or so we thought) but due to the enormous lines that only plagued us airways customers we ended up boarding our flight just before the doors closed. Now I am sitting at the tarmac in PHX with barely enough time to.make my connecting flights and they are giving us no info or assurance that we will make it. Add this airline to my no fly list along with spirit.
This place was our first stop for our weekend vegas getaway. The ambience was good, low light, not a lot of energy so it was a nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the vegas casino floor. Service was mediocre but the food was delicious. I had the combination of tacos; carne asada, chicken and carnitas. The carnitas taco was my favorite with pickled red onion, chopped orange, and the moist and tender carnitas. The chica got a trio of carne asada tacos which were delicious. The only had one corn tortilla for each taco so you weren't getting a mout full of tortilla each bit. Each plate came with rice and beans ehich weren't bad but nothing to brag about. Salsas were good and the chips were airy and not heavily drenched in oil. ***WARNING- they charge $3 for chips and salsa*** but they don't tell you when they say, "we'll be right back with your drinks, and chips and salsa". I'm not gonna cry over three bucks in Vegas but hidden charges irk me, and no it's not even on the menu. Probably won't go back as there are so many places to go in Vegas and it wasn't one of those Epic meals that you have to have again.
Came in with a group of four grad students and we felt that we had been completely taken advantage of for being young and "lower class." It was obvious that our server was more attentive to other tables because she thought she would get a better tip from the older couples and businessmen who were having dinner. It took over an hour to get our drinks and our starters. Our dinners were a rip off for the price that they were, and our deserts were literally a fifty cent scoop of sorbet. I was appalled at our treatment, especially when one of the servers came up and started talking about us like we weren't there, and then telling us to "put our napkins on our laps like adults." Honestly, it was some of the nastiest treatment I've ever experienced in a restaurant. And as for not being "classy" enough, we wouldn't have been there if we couldn't afford it. Staff needs to be taught a lesson about manners and etiquette. Until then, we won't be returning.
The food is always top notch, the bar man is charming at attentive, and service is usually pretty smooth. My only critique would be that the restaurant seating is a little awkward. Every time I go in I opt to sit at the bar so I don't get crammed in side-by-side with another table. Also, if you haven't tried absinthe, do it! It takes a few minutes to prepare, but it's delicious. Definitely worth a try.
I decided to give Hair Artzy a try yesterday for a haircut and highlights based on Yelp reviews and I was very pleased with the results!Hermes was wonderful! I didn't have a particular hair style or highlight colour in mind, so he gave me his advice based on my wanting something low maintenance but funky. I was very happy with the results; best haircut I've had in a long time! He skillfully cut my hair, being very careful yet still quick, and was meticulous about the placing of the highlights on my head. The colour was rich and vibrant, just as I had hoped.The price was very reasonable; in the past, I had paid double what he charged for the same services at a salon in Markville Mall. I will definitely come back for Hermes and recommend him to others!
I love Casa Don Juan, Its a great place to eat delicious Tamales and Tacos. Depending on what day and/or time you go, it'll be a hit or miss. More than often its great, but on those bad days its just average. For the newbie, I would recommend the Tamale and Taco Combo! The Beef Fried Taco is the BOMB and the Cheese and jalapeno Tamale is so delicious. I feel its all up to who the cook is that day and how busy they are.
My fianc and I were first time home buyers. Beginning the process seemed overwhelming and way beyond us however Mike walked us through every step explaining in detail how and what needed to be done. He was always patient and understanding with our naveness. The process went flawlessly and we are now in our brand new home! I recommend him to anybody looking to start the home buying process! Thanks, Mike!
Loved the courteous service. food  was amazing. Felt the real taste of Biryani. Had ordered gobi Manchurian and vegetable dum Biryani. Enjoyed both the dishes.
Good basic tavern food, actually a little better than usual. Good broad selection of droughts. Lots of large TVs with lots of sports packages.
Inexpensive delicious Italian food in a small and personable restaurant.  We tripped across Miele's in some 'best of' magazine article.  They were right.This place is not showy, but it sure is right for dinner.  Your fresh bread will be brought out on a plastic dish, and you'll love it.  I also thoroughly enjoy and recommend the Lasagna.  I judge italian restaurants by this dish and Miele's is still the standard by which I rate the others.  If I owned this place the only thing I would do would be to add regular Ice Cream to the dessert menu, but that's the same knock on most italian restaurants.  No real ice cream.
As per the guidance here on Yelp, we found Fez, for a Saturday night dinner.  We enjoyed the experience.Our seating was immediate (which may have just been a matter of good timing, we got there at 5 pm).  The restaurant has a well designed interior.  Our waitress was friendly.  Welcoming and helpful.  Our service was timely and the food was very good.The Lemon Caper Talapia was the best dish we had there.  The apricot salmon was good, but not as good as the Lemon Caper Talapia.  The house wine was good and the desserts were definately worth saving room for.  We got the cheese cake and the brownie with ice cream.  I would recommend both.  The brownie is served piping hot with a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  We enjoyed Fez and will return.A few things about Fez that I would change if I owned it...  The music.  Maybe I'm just to picky or something, but dinner and dance music don't go well.  They need to turn it down or change the channel.The booth seating needs help as well.  The center of the booth padding is too soft, and at the edges you can feel the springs.  Good posture is not promoted in the booths, which I find annoying.In the decor, there are some plastic panels bordering the booth areas.  They are smoke and light grey and they look good.  The problem is that they are attached by screws and the screw heads look out of place.  The rest of the decor works well together, we just couldn't get past the screws in the plastic.These are minor infractions, yet since I'm reviewing, I thought I'd share what I found.The staff at Fez is open and inviting.  They aim to serve.  They are young and urban and friendly.  A nice blend as opposed to some snobbery that you find elsewhere.  This restaurant has every reason for it's crew to stick their noses in the air, yet they are wise enough to forego the attitude.  You will be treated well here.The prices are typical for what I would call a scene meal.  The portions are not large, which I would normally complain about, yet it allowed me to have dessert, so I won't complain too much.
The staff here is knowledgeable and friendly. The Chiropractor is the best I've found in the area after many attempts. He is able to find the specific pain points and work them out effectively. He employs multiple techniques depending upon your needs. Typical visits include a consult, 10 minutes on the electro-stym machine, a brief massage of the affected area and a correction.  I highly recommend Dobson Lakes Family Chiropractic.
I recently broke my carbon fiber roadbike frame and needed a repair/replacment.  My local shop Curbside Cyclery in Ahwatukee recommended that I give Matt Conrad a call at Journey Bicycles.  I am very glad that I did.  He repaired my broken seat stay on my bike within a week, and it is like new.  The service is excellent.  At the risk of sharing too much, Matt picked up my bike, and delivered it back to me, and handled the repair, all within a week.  He pointed out a few other mechanical items that would need to be resolved prior to my riding as well.  Carbon fiber frame repair with Journey Bicycles is a pleasure.  No one wants to crash/break a bike, but if you do, this is the place to go.  Matt Conrad is service oriented, affordable and timely.
This place has the best sushi that I've found in Phoenix.  The prices are reasonable and the sushi is excellent.  This sushi shop isn't one of those affected locations where you'll feel like you need to dress up.  The owners are on site often and overall, this is our favorite place to go for sushi.  I HIGHLY recommend the Oh My God roll.  It was named well.  It is my favorite roll anywhere.
Seriously, I'd rather just eat at the Cafeteria at work than at Casey Jone's Grill.  The food is average at best, the service is beyond slow.  The whole restaurant/bar needs to be pressure washed.  I won't be going back.  Nothing about it was worth the time or the money.
Maybe I'm the fool but I still don't see what the any of the talk is about the Salt Cellar.  Mind you, I'm not comparing it to other seafood restaurants in the valley.  I'm comparing it to other seafood restaurants period.  There is nothing about the Salt Cellar that have ever stood out for me, except the price and I don't find this place worth the cost.  I'd go elsewhere.
Thiele's automotive is my mechanic shop of choice.  I found them through  friend's recommendation and have been going there for three years with all of our car service needs.  They are honest clear, they will do the work that needs to be done and in a fashion that will keep you coming back.  When other shops have recommended more work than was needed Thiele's set me straight and explained what really needed to be done and why.  When I go their for oil changes they give the cars a once over as well, and recommend potential future needs as they see it.  I've had brake work, engine work and regular service completed here and will continue to do so.The only thing I'd change if I owned Thiele's is I'd install an alignment rack. This is a selfish need really as my previous car needed an alignment done right and Thiele's don't have the rack for it. I had to go to three different shops to get it done right.
The price is high for what you get, but I still enjoy a good meal at the Chart House.  I've had several steaks here and have been pleased with all of them. We've thoroughly enjoyed the Chocolate Lava cake as well.  I certainly recommend that.As others have said, the lake view is a nice touch.  The wait staff could use a little lightening up, and it wouldn't hurt to turn the lights up just a bit.  Who know though, maybe they're trying to target the 'My date's ugly but I want good food' crowd.
SMC is worth the effort.  The staff is helpful and knowledgeable.  Their bikes selection makes this shop a worthwhile stop when in the market for a new ride.  I shop here often because they carry the Specialized brand and I am growing the appreciate Specialized's products.
So I'm a Dad.  I'm a picky Dad.  I've been to a number of young kids birthday parties in the Phoenix area and they leave a lot to be desired.  I'm not talking about complicated stuff here.   Sure the kids have fun at some organized events, but how about the parents as well?  I'm so tired of the allotted two pizzas to serve 15 kids and adults that I could cry.  Maybe it's because I'm a food guy.  Feed me well and I'll be happy.  I don't know, but what I do know is that Toy Town is the best destination for all your 5 and under kids birthday party needs.  We rented the facility for 2 hours on Sunday.  Cake was arranged through their custom cake maker.  A half sheet of  cake for $50 and it was a well made and delicious cake too.  The good news for me is that I'm still enjoying the leftovers.Back to Toy Town.  So it's a kids play place basically.  Set up like a small town.  Each little house in the place is a different business.  Police Dept, Pizza place.  Hospital and so on.  We had 20 kids and as many adults at our party.  All the kids enjoyed it, from our 1 year old to the 7 year olds.  The girls were playing dress up with the clothing from the different houses.  There is a small bounce house in the back that everyone liked.  As per their standard party set up, we ordered Dominoes pizza from right next door.  This ensured that everyone got as much food as we needed.  We had a great time.The kids all played with all of the toys in the place, we all ate pizze and then cake and everyone enjoyed themselves.  the staff here is wonderful.  They work to make sure that everything is smooth for you.  they handled the few things that we didn't think of and the party was a great success.  Many of the mom's were discussing their future partying plans with this facility in mind.  The only thing that they could improve would be their front entry area.  It is a bit crowded and needs to be reworked for smoothness of store entry.  Beyond that, everything is exceptional.  It was very easy for us to arrange this party, everything was handled well, from the place to the cake and the pizza and drinks.   We were very pleased and will be coming back.
If you're looking to experience how a car dealership should function and serve customers, go to LeSueur Car Company.  They win on price, service, environment, ease of transaction and overall selection.  These guys understand how to put people first.  Their service is excellent, their prices are better than any other dealership I've visited (and I've compared both new and used cars and trade in values on three different car purchases).  I keep going back to LeSueur Car Company.  These guys get it and I appreciate that.  They have a large inventory of used cars that are in excellent condition.  They can also get you any new car that isn't a dealer exclusive purchase.  We bought a new Honda in 2008 from LeSueur's.  We shopped around on this and LeSueur's car company beat two local Honda dealers straight up on the price of the new Honda and on my trade in.  That made it a very easy decision.  Add in the fact that the actual purchase transaction took less than an hour (from driving the old car into the lot to driving the new car out of the lot) and I'm a netpromoter for LeSueur's Car Company.  If you're looking for a new or used car, stop by LeSueur's Car Company and experience the difference.
Landis is a solid bike shop and all three Landis shops are a staple of the bike shop community in Phoenix.  Their selection is good.  The prices are reasonable.  I do wish that their staff would pay more attention to their customes.  Too many times I've spent time here without being greeted and I witness it with some customer every time I am at this shop.  They also need to greatly improve their turn time on repairs.  One cannot be without one's bike for a week for a tune up.  I will continue to shop at Landis, I just don't get my service work done here anymore.
This is a great Asian food diner.  We came for lunch.  I had the Hong Kong chicken per staff recommendation.   It has a savory pepper sauce and an array of veggies.   I had it will chicken and it was very good.  Lunch for $7.  Kids meals for $4 to $6.  We will be returning.   Open kitchen. Friendly staffFast. Easy parking.  Lots of locals use them for carry out.
The prices at performance are tough to beat, as for the rest of it, I'd shop elsewhere.  This is a fine bike shop for entry level riders and I'll stop by for some of their deals as I can't find a better price on Clif bar and Shot Blocks when they run specials.  For serious bike purchases, I would certainly look elsewhere.  It is too bad that Landis' service isn't good because their bike line up is considerably more worthy of serious riders/racers.  If you want personable service and high quality products in this area, I would recommend SMC or Curbside.  Performance is worthwhile for their nutition, especially during their deals, and some of their clothing especially helmets.  The shop specials can reward you with an occasional nugget, but beyond that, I'd stay away.
Excellent video game store.  The staff here is always knowledgeable and helpful.  I prefer shopping here as opposed to other retail options in the area just for the knowledge of the staff here.  I have yet to stump them on any questions.  Their game recommendations have been solid and they've helped me save money through deals they run, promotions and product education.  If you need more than just to buy a game, this is the place to go.  Their knowledge of the games and peripherals is excellent and worth tapping into for your benefit.
Haru Sushi is worth the time.   The biggest draw is the speed and the price.  You can be eating as fast as you can take a plate off of the conveyor.  We've fed two people regularly for $20 each time and we leave full.  The quality of the sushi is average.  We have always found the service to be very helpful and timely.  We will be returning often.
This is a locally owned shop run by one of the best mechanics in town.  You will not find better bike service anywhere in the valley.  The work is good, the results are clean and the prices are fair.  As others mentioned, this shop is run by the owners and their pride in workmanship really shows through.  Before Curbside arrived, I used to visit multiple shops for parts and service. With Curbside's detail focused delivery, I have found my new bike shop.  Any service work is always thoroughly explained such to the point that I've learned more about how bikes work from the mechanic here than from the three other area shops that I used to visit.  Their pride in workmanship will keep me coming back.
We've had Alaskan Pride's fish many times and we agree that this is the best quality seafood we've found in the Phoenix area.  We find them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's market.  I recommend the king salmon and the sablefish as well.
So, clearly the musician's make the night.  Our night was not so hot.   Half of the bad that we caught wasn't worthy of stage time, the other half was.  The horn players were exceptional, the Keyboardist wasn't.  I'll stick to the facility.  The Rhythm Room is a Phoenix, classic on the music scene, or so I'm told.  This was evident when Paul Reed showed up with his horn and just joined the band on stage.  That was cool and made you feel like you were in the right place.  Beyond that, I'm can't really claim that this place is worth the time.  We'll have to try it again to confirm, yet my urge to do so isn't high right now.  The neighborhood is questionable.  The entrance is not obvious, the bar and the service are not inviting.  The music area of the building is excellent.  You sit very close to the band.  The one thing they need to fix within that is two sets of band doors would allow for a much faster setup/teardown between bands.  We waited for an hour between bands.  The Rhythm Room is missing an opportunity here, they need a comedian or something the fill the gap.  Some fresh eyes on how this place is run could really make some simple improvements.  Just because it's a known classic doesn't mean that it can't change for the better.  The one thing they have right is that the sound is good and if they're getting good bands, then it makes for a great night.  The annoyances only become obvious when you have an hour to descern them between bands.The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool.  This makes everyone involved feel like they're in the scene.
When it's time for a great dinner out and $ is not a question, we go to The Keg.  Service and food are excellent.   the only thing I would change if I could would be to make it less expensive so I could afford to go there more often.I can't decide which is better there, the food, or the attractive ladies involved in serving it.  I can tell you that they are not an 'equal opportunity employer" and I appreciate that.  If I could change anything about the restuarant, it would need to be a quieter facility.  However, I'm there for the food, so I tend not to notice the noise.
Simple fast and delicious.   Casual.  Great food.  Styrofoam plates.   There is indoor seating a d two outdoor tables.   This place would be a regular stop if I lived anywhere near.
Find this place because there is over 4000 reviews in yelp, the food is good not too fancy especially for the breakfast . If you would like sit outside you have to wait , its first come first service policy, reservation only for inside, but sitting outside is much nicer!
Good hotel, if you tips the receptionist 20 dollars, you maybe got higher level with good view , the room is clean and people are nice
Great breakfast . Went back the next day. Prices were fare and the service and food was very good.
As a recent transplant to AZ, I was referred to Theresa by a friend.  After leaving a 27 year relationship with my stylist in CO, it is a little daunting to try and find a new person.  Not being used to the traffic in Phoenix just yet, I was 15 minutes late, (I hate being late to a first appointment of any kind!) but she was gracious and welcoming.  She listened to what I was looking for and was able to closely match the color I had gotten previously (but tweaked it just a bit and I liked it better!) and gave me an updated cut to go with the fabulous color.  She offered suggestions for future color/highlight options for me to consider.I'm so thankful for the referral to her and she is absolutely worth the drive from Laveen.  THANK YOU THERESA!
Great bar - Friendly patrons, friendly bartender.Exposed brick inside, very relaxed vibe. Nice selection of beers on tap-- I enjoyed a pint of the Stone Arrogant Bastard.
That's hot. Quite literally-- Paris Hilton was there when I went for a bachelor party this past weekend. Everything is done right- the downside is the price. Get a table- well worth the investment if you are planning on staying the whole night. Get in early, and tip the guys running the table line so you can skip-- otherwise you'll sit in line forever and waste any pre game buzz. Definitely a prime part of the Vegas experience, would recommend it to anyone. Our table with 2 bottles for 6 people with mixers and red bull was ~1300$- I would plan on 200 per person.
Great place for a game, not for a dinner. TVs are the main star at this restaurant, not the food. Staff was attentive and friendly, no complaints there. Restaurant has a great selection of beers and is presented on an iPad so it makes it easy to select. A decent selection of mixed drinks is offered as well. Food was average and no thought is given to presentation. Food is much like a Chilis or a TGiFridays. We ordered cupcakes for dessert and they did not have all of the flavors in stock, so really instead of getting four distinct flavors we had to have multiples of one.Bottom line: great place to watch a game and grab a beer, not for the serious foodie.
Great place to stop in and get a great breakfast. I come to Charlotte on business and I always make sure I do breakfast at least once during my stay. Service is always friendly and the coffee is always strong and hot. Can't get a better "farm to table" breakfast in Charlotte!Some of my favorites:Porridge, steel cut oats, quinoa, coconut milk, apples and brown sugar for when I am feeling healthy Jalapeo egg white brioche with kale and tomato jam for when I am not. A red eye coffee is my favorite coffee. Strong hot and in an enormous mug.
I have stayed at this hotel several times as I am loyal to Hilton/Embassy Suites. I have never had an issue with the hotel staff, they have always been friendly and helpful. The hotel is currently under renovations (June 2016) which it desperately needs, however I just stayed In a "renovated room" and it seems that the room was put together by construction workers that had no attention to detail. For instance, they painted the vanity in the bathroom but then put the toilet paper on it before it dried so there is bits of toilet paper cover stuck on the vanity. There are splashes of paint on the tile. Also they have not replaced all the furniture yet so the main room is mismatched. Maybe once the renovations are complete everything will be more put together. I do agree that housekeeping could do a better job. The bathroom tile was very dirty looking with bits of hair/fuzzy in the corners and just looked like overall it needed a good scrubbing despite being recently "renovated" Overall a decent place to stay and I can't wait to see the renovations completed.
Great little airport. Employees are always friendly and give you that southern charm you would expect in the carolinas. The airports just large enough to offer good amenities like a central atrium with food choices and lots of spots to relax like the rocking chairs next to Windows. I have never experienced problems at security, no matter how long the lines the staff gets everyone thru quickly and efficiently.  I fly delta and I am always in terminal A, so I can't speak of the other concourses, but it's not a bad spot for a layover or waiting for a first flight. Free wifi for 45 minutes can keep you entertained and there are plenty of charging stations.
I will be honest, I was very excited to see a "farm to table" restaurant pop up at the Charlotte airport. Finally something better than Wendy's and Starbucks! I really wanted to like this restaurant but sadly it just did not live up to expectations. First waitstaff was great, very friendly and warm. They gave a true representation of southern hospitality and service. However once the food came out I was greatly disappointed. I came in for breakfast and ordered the Carolina scrambler. It promised, cheese grits, bacon, biscuit and eggs and an arugula salad tossed in a Tabasco vinaigrette. Bacon came out soggy and soft and the vinaigrette was missing. Staff was accommodating and brought the vinaigrette on the side but by the time I got it my eggs and grits were cold. I believe this place could be better if the cook staff paid better attention to their plates and ensured each plate came out to southern standards.
This place is a gem in Charlotte. My friends are always raving about the chicken here and it does not disappoint. Friendly service and a huge selection of delicious dishes will have you coming back for more. Chicken is a favorite here but you really cannot go wrong, everything on the menu is fantastic. Wednesday's are chicken pot pie days so you will definitely want to come then! It takes a bit longer to get the chicken pie as they are baked on demand and they may run out before the end of the night.I gave this place 4/5 solely based on the food pick up on busy nights, the wait is long and it gets confusing on whose order is what. If they could streamline that process this place would be spot on!
Green Chile burrito gave me food poisoning, it appeared to  be pork and not beef so it could of been old since it was part of the 3.50 deal mon-wed. Everything else was good but i would be careful with the green chile.
This place is not professional. The reception area is rude and unaccommodating. I've never been treated so rudely before! I called a week before my appointment to let them know I would had to reschedule and the woman at the front desk practically hung up on me! She barely let me tell them why I had to reschedule I was just so rude about it when I was trying to give them as much notice as possible like I said a weeks notice! When I finally had my appointment it felt rushed. I felt ripped off. I won't be going back and suggest people look elsewhere for their chiropractic needs.
Thai basil once messed up my order by giving me the wrong sauce for the chicken and they wouldn't refund my money for one damn chicken how cheap can you be?  The waitress told me it was going to come out of her money and I said they can't do that to you. It's not fair to the servers but at the same time I'm a paying customer and I didn't get what I ordered so why can I not just get my money back? I feel bad for the servers but at the same time I don't want to hear about her problems.They said I ate it I said I stopped eating it when I realize that the sauce with some nasty gross thing and not the right size and I'm trying to return it and they wouldn't do it.They also don't have coconut sticky rice and can you please tell me how a Thai restaurant doesn't offer that?One time the Penang chicken was a little off it seem like the chicken had a smell to it and wasn't fresh. They also barely include any vegetables with the Penang chicken it's all chicken and no veggies.The lunch special doesn't taste good either their mango salad really sucks the dressing they put on it is very vinegary and doesn't taste authentic so I wouldn't try to get that either.
I was looking to purchase a car. Oleg really made sure that I found the right vehicle. He kept in touch with me throughout the whole process and made sure it went smoothly. Great service from Oleg.
My favorite steak place to go to when I visit vegas. Right in my favorite hotel, there lies botero right around the corner. Easy to make reservations for a date. Nice staff.The food: Love the ahi tuna tartare, but I'm not a mango person so I wish they took that part out. I just pick them out.- I got the petite filet because my stomach is tiny. Can barely finish this plate. But the meat was nice and soft, juicy and cooked to perfection. It came with three different dipping sauces which was great; a different taste with each bite you take.- Side dishes: a must get is the truffle macaroni and cheese. The best macaroni and cheese I have ever had in the whole entire world! I could eat this as my entree.well that's my two cents. love the starter bread and the amuse-Bouche. yums
Burgers and spicy fries are really good. Music is VERY loud. EXPENSIVE
Leckeres Lokal, doch etwas hohe Preise fr die kleinen Portionen. Service ist auch nett. Also ich wrde wieder hingehen. :D
Ich bin sehr begeistert von diesem kleinen und doch gemtlichen Lokal. Essen selbst gemacht und schnell zubereitet, zudem super schmackhaft. Was auch sehr schn ist, dass man gleich mal sein Franzsisch aufbessern kann, denn dort trifft man hufig auf unsere Nachbarn :)
Super Musik, wenn man Mittwochs geht ;) Preise sind auch angestiegen und das Klientel hat sich leider auch verschlechtert. Find ich echt schade, denn ich bin frher echt gerne dort hingegangen :D
Review for the sushi bar only. The fish quality was average at best. Every roll is deep fried so if you want to enjoy the taste of the fish and enjoy true sushi this is not the place for you, BUT if you like novelty rolls that are mostly deep fried you will enjoy it. Just not what I expected.
We called Yeti Helpers the night before a holiday party at my house and just really needed them to come clean our carpets and they were so accommodating and did an AMAZING job. Our carpets have never looked better. They were so professional and just so nice. I would definitely recommend this company to anyone looking for phenomenal customer service and great results! Apparently they also offer house cleaning services too so I'll definitely be utilizing them soon for that! Thanks again Yeti Helpers!!!
Just had lunch there. Ordered beef noodles and pork gamo. As a person coming from northern china, I found the gamo made here was barely a decent gamo, more or less just some leaven dough with very little pork stuffed. And it took about 20 mins for them to serve the gamo, when I have almost finished my noodles. And what's with the waiters' cold attitude to their customers? I hardly felt I was welcomed.An average place to have a bite of Chinese food with reasonable price. Far from a place to have a decent meal.
Didn't use this service but decided to review so people are warned. I gave them all of my information to book airport service for my husband and I. Personal info and flight info. After all that, they tell me the limo is not available. So I ask for a different vehicle. All I get in response is unfortunately we have nothing available. Are you kidding me? Why the hell did I have to give all that info like you were booking me?? Don't use these people. I wish I had looked on Yelp first. Would've seen that they only have 2 1/2 stars. I can see why.
T is the best, I get a full set or a fill and each time it's like my natural nail. People don't even know I have acrylics on. Good prices and great service!
AMAZING.  Lost of choice and staff are very friendly!
More space than Guu Izakaya and a slightly different menu.  Allows you to pick between the two without eating the same thing again.Great atmosphere if you like a loud and roudy place to drink and have some good food.  Best if you don't mind spending a little more money to have a great time.
This is prob my fave Chinese pull noodle place.  I've been to a few other ones and the only reason others get my business is when big beef bowl is closed.The broth is the best, not too salty and very rich in flavour.  Lots of choice for noodles as well.It's a small location though so at peak hours you may have to wait for a seat.  They have outdoor tables in the summertime though.
Good stop for a late night snack and some drinks, but then I'd rather go across the street to wild wings to be honest.
I don't usually enjoy myself after eating at all you can eat sushi places.....walk out too full and always feel so bloated after.But if I isolate to the subset of AYCE sushi restaurants, then I'll say this place does a pretty good job.  Orders are responded to very quickly after submitting it through the tablet.  A lot of items can be ordered on an individual piece basis too.   Size of items are small so it's easier to try more items.Quality of the tempura was good.  Dessert choices are good.  Sashimi was so-so quality.  Rolls were ok.   Most of the cooked food was pretty good. Overall good job but.....i just don't like AYCE so I'm probably not coming back lol.....so I will still give 4 stars.  But I'm so bloated right now so maybe I'll finish this review before i remove another star bc of my personal bias!
Fun place to go to, excellent food.  If you're willing to spend a little more then they've also got a good assortment of drinks and also the daily specials that change all the time.I have to say my experience there was better when they first opened (when you used to have to wait 1-2 hrs to get a seat) but then it's still great quality.Just don't go expecting to be able to have a comfortable conversation because it's LOUD there.  But enjoy it for it's atmosphere and it'll be a great night out!Love their big jugs of sapporo draft for under $10!
Great popcorn chicken and pork rice.Seating is very limited though so probably better off ordering takeout instead.  No double door so winter is annoying even when you get a seat.  Stupid customers who come in from the cold and hold the door open...happens all the time...
For that price, the sushi is amazing!  They are also the only one that opens so late.  Every other places is closed by the time they are still booming.I used to go there all the time when I was in undergrad, they've consistently satisfied me.  Don't go expecting to be fine dining, but go expecting great value for some pretty good sushi.  Quick service even if there's a lineup.  There's a pretty good reason why there's a lineup as well.
Lived at UofT New CollegeThis was a frequent spot for everyone on residence for good reason.  Pizza slizes are huge and always crispy thin.  Great for late night snack that's not too damaging on your wallet.
Awesome quick service.   For was good and prices were good.  Dumplings are great and the cold dishes are great too.
I work just next door so I thought I'd check this new place out.  Had the regular brewed coffee a few times and I have to say it was actually pretty good.  Still have yet to try a latte though which looks like something they would be good at.  However, the price is a bit steep though to be honest.  I still cross the street to pick up a coffee at the usual place in the path which I will not name here to be fair to them =).My main concern is that the pastries are just out in the open on display and there are quite a few flies around...the croissant I bought at 1030am was a bit dry already from being in the open all morning.  I think it'd be an extra star rated if they simply covered the pastries.Space is a bit big but because they are still rather new, it looks a bit empty at times.  The renovation also wasn't complete when they opened.  I think that was a bit of a bummer because they could have finished up and made it really nice before opening.Maybe I'll reassess in the near future as they are likely still making improvements...
Who would've thought you'd get food served from a can when it costs $18-$36 dollars on a menu? But I gotta say those clams, scalaps and makarel were pretty damn tasty.   Kinda wanted to take some home myself but I don't think it would feel the same lol.   Time to fly to Spain and bring some home myself instead.....My fave was still the hot octopus dish though...I can never get enough of octopus especially when it is done well!Drinks were alright...not a big fan of the cocktails but maybe i just didn't pick the right ones for myself.The wait time for me was about 1 hr to get to the heated patio on a Saturday night from 1030pm.  Then we got to move into the main restaurant about another hour later. Service was good.  Waiter and waitress were nice and patient.  They seemed nicer as the night progressed though lol.....hmmAll in all, great vibe at this place...sucks to have to wait but I think it was worth it.
I felt like a poke bowl for lunch and didn't want to buy it from Spring Roll.  So I saw this new place open up and decided to give it a try.What a pleasant surprise!Portions are really good.  They really pack in all the ingredients in this plastic bowl.  Hope this continues as they get more popular though, some places will start skimping later.The salmon tasted amazing.  You also get to pick from a long list of toppings including tempura bits and tobiko!  Yes tobiko!The dressing was also a long list and I'm happy to see spicy mayo and unagi sauce on there.Fresh, good value, good portion, close to my office too......will definitely come back again!
Kimchi Fries!  That was a neat combination that worked really well.Taco's are pretty good too but smaller portions than I would have liked.  I guess all taco's are like that though.I only dropped 1 star because the place wasn't that clean, felt like they never wiped the tables and there are soooo many customers so obviously it will be a bit messy.  But the food was great!
This place is a little tucked away in the corner of a plaza.  Look for the EATBKK sign to help you find it.  Parking is tough to find so try the side streets. I've tried the panang curry, pad see we and pad ped and also the mango sticky rice.  All were outstanding.  Portion sizes were pretty fair and very amazing flavours.  Maybe not the best thai place in town but 5 stars because of the value. If you take out and pay cash you also get 10% off!  Been here 3 times and counting now.
Went for brunch, I wouldn't say it was STELLAR, but it was not bad.  The beet salad was pretty good.  One thing that is 5 star though are their Scones.  SERIOUS MUST ORDER.  Cheap and delicious.If it wasn't because of the amazin scones I'd probably rate this place 2 star because service was kinda crappy.  Who brings you 2 coffees with only one spoon and one pack of sugar after asking us if we wanted sugar and cream?  (we said yes)If you go, just make sure you eat the scones.  Your day will be a lot better I promise.
BEST coffee in Toronto, hands down.  They charge the same same as a regular coffee from Starbucks but it's the taste of an amazing Latte!  Just make sure you get it with some milk.   Our ask for the froth on top.   I usually do a special order myself,  1 sugar,  1 cream,  1 milk.   Try it!   You will not regret!   I still come back even though my office is so far away now.
Great place to go for watching sports.  Lots of TVs available.  But it gets a bit crowded and they try to send you upstairs but it's a different store altogether even though probably same owner operating under a different name.Stay downstairs if possible.
This is one fine Japanese restaurant.  The omakase experience is extraordinary and the ingredients can't be more fresh!Sitting at the bar allows you to interact with the chef and see their delicate and skillful techniques while they prepare each piece.  The attention to detail and subtleties add so much to the flavours of each unique piece of sushi.The steady pace of the meal leaves you comfortably full at the end in such a way like it's the healthy pace and portion to eat at.What used to be priced at $80pp was a steal.  At $105 I would call this fair market value.  An optional $25 upgrade for a premium sashimi is fair too and the meal is pleasant whether you opt in or out of that.Probably not an everyday meal sort of destination but certainly a great way to indulge for a special occasion.The only drawback?  You gotta book way ahead to ensure you get a spot!
Can't decide if I like sharetea more or chatime.  Either way they are both good.  But less of a lineup here so why not ShareTea?
Best thing is the chicken wing baskets!
I live 5 minutes away.  So I went there alone at 6pm to ask for a table of 4.  Then went home and took a nap before going to pick up my friends and arrive 2 hrs later.  We still had to hang out next door at Hmart for 30 more minutes. So now we get seated.  The table is simple, just a paper sheet ready to be cleaned away.  I look to the table next to me and quickly realize, the food is served in plastic bags and you basically eat with your hands, with a big offering of plastic gloves and napkins for you to burn through. Theres really not much point to letting you pick sauces when the captains sauce is just a mix of the 3.  That being said, I think there's a bit too much garlic in the sauces.  So maybe they should have a 30%, 50%, 70% choice to garlic like how bbt places do it lol...The lobster was really well cooked.   The crab was nice too but the price of ONE leg is just ridiculous.  Mussels were ok,  can't go wrong but honestly tooooo much garlic....  clams were ok.Is kinda nice to just dig in with your hands, makes for a different and fun experience.  Just a bit too pricey to want to come again.I like cooking, so I'll probably make my own seafood instead.  That being said...still a good job overall.  I was with good company, so that always makes it more enjoyable.If you plan to go, get one of the ppl on your group to go ask for a spot before you all go there and wait for 2 hrs+ together in the cold lol...
I go out to eat once in a while, can't call myself a real foodie but I love to cook and I watch a lot of food network.  That being said this has got to be the best restaurant I've ever been to in Toronto.  I sat at the seats that are looking into the kitchen and it was a blast watching the very efficient way they prepare the food and turn a simple white empty plate into a masterpiece.Not only was the look good, the taste was amazing too and with entrees under $30, I would call this place very cheap for the value you get out of the food.The chalk menu has some fresh options as well which is neat.  I like how their normal menu was not too long which means they can concentrate on what they do well.Great job and I can't wait to come back again!
Cockpuncher....cool name and an awesome IIPA.  Just can't get enough lol...Fried chicken was amazing too, portion was a lot bigger than I thought it was because it's BONELESS!!!Awesome food, awesome beers, awesome vibe, great job!!!
Great place for food n drinks ans just chilling with a big group of people.   Their setup allows for big group bookings which is the best.
I'd say this is one of the better work day lunch locations.  Prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity you get.  The lunch choices are only $1 less so you might as well go for the full portion though.Pad Thai was my regular go to dish, never goes wrong.  Green curry was good but I never get enough rice to be full lol...
Despite having a really sweet and attentive server, honestly, this place is pretty gross. We wanted to check it out since it has been a Phoenix landmark. We saw, we drank, we ate mediocre food and crossed it off our places to go again. After touching and looking at the super greasy menu, I decided what I wanted to try then went to wash my hands. Granted, this place is not high class, but holy S@&$ the bathroom was disgusting! No lock on the stall and when I went to flush, a spider ran over the top of the tank and dropped onto the handle.. So.... I did not flush for fear of the spider.. Yuck!! So on to the food.. Reuben sandwich.. Hardly any meat, soggy bread and quite a small sandwich accompanied by a huge pile of grease laden fries.. The fried fish was described to me by my dinner guest as being way over cooked, grease laden and difficult to eat. Yet he did not want  to complain while there which prompted me to write this. Bottom line - your servers are really great and you are damn lucky for that! They are your first and last impression of your business. Your food is not worth the price and your restaurant is grossly dirty, but your staff rocks!! You better keep them happy!!
Joined here 4 months ago... Decided against it because of the pushiness, desperation shady feeling I had and cancelled it within the 3 day timeframe provided in the contract. Someone else on here called them sharks.. Sharks are like puppies compared to these people!! They have continued to bill my credit card despite repeated calls. Their obviously commissioned and overzealous sales people are not given correct information as they keep calling to collect. Months after I cancelled!!! After talking to so many of the Jim Jones salespeople and being told that the contract was cancelled and they would not bother me anymore...guess what?? They have still been trying to charge me and have been stalking me by phone!! Yep.. By now I have had enough.  Next step.. contacted the Office of the President... AND sent letters to the State Attorney General, CFPB, California Attorney General, Chase Bank and the Subject Gilbert location I initially got brainwashed into signing up for.  So I spoke to the office of the President and was told that my contract was cancelled but "keep all evidence just in case"! WTF?? So today I received a letter from Chase Bank that stated that LA Fitness is disputing and are claiming they are owed the money. Really LA Fitness?? Is this how you run your business? With this behavior you are far over taking the euphemism of the used car salesman.. Totally surpassed the tales of the snake oil salesman and are about par with the Nigerian scam... Hopefully there are enough of us to expose what a predator your company is.. My time is worth a lot of money and disputing your narcissistic approach of "helping" people stay healthy through exercise is becoming expensive. To those of you that may need to end your contract in the future, I suggest just having one of the salespeople move in with you.. That way they can harass you, steal your money, and piss you off greatly on a daily basis.. For now, I will continue to wait for the response from the Government agencies.. Who, by the way, have their own private gyms quite unlike LA Fitness. OVERALL ASSESSMENT? A resounding F&$@ NO!!!! Oh, and yes, this will be posted on other social media sites.
The hotel is beautiful. The rooms are well appointed. The service is impeccable. The location is superb. However...Someone decided it was a good idea to situate suites directly above a ballroom where loud music is played late into the night.  Egregiously disappointing for what is otherwise a luxury hotel.  Street and traffic noise is tolerable and largely out of the control of the property. Booking a wedding, band, or DJ directly beneath your best rooms is an unforgivable offence entirely under control of management. Avoid if you're staying with the intent of getting a good night sleep.
The guys from Avalon Van Lines corporation in Phoenix were great. Arrived on time, handled everything with care, were nice and professional which is important since i spent the whole day with them. The guys were super helpful and motivated to help make the move as painless as possible for me. Great moving services! Highly recommend them for all!
Best tortas in town. All the ingredients are fresh. Be ready to get greeted with a smile as soon as you come in. Very clean and can't wait to come back with an empty stomach. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!
Pretty good place to have a meal at. Prices are cheap for the quality of food you get. The service is decent. I've been there several times already and I can say they are very consistent with the quality.
It was my first time at Spearmint Rhino and it did not disappoint.Previously I had only been to Sapphire which is huge compared to this place.  I preferred the layout at Rhino.  Much more intimate and it was very lively.  I was amazed at the variety of girls.  They were everywhere.  Needless to say it was an eye opening experience.  I met a Lucy Liu look-alike who fell in love with one of her clients, who's from Italy and is getting married in a few months - congrats to her.  I met a half Korean half Chinese girl who use to be a translator but makes more $$ dancing.  Then there was the Japanese girl from Hawaii who grabbed me for a lap dance but took me away from where I was sitting because some people she knew back in high school were sitting nearby and recognized her and she felt weirded out.  Haha....good times, good times...
I was not impressed at all with the Wynn's buffet.  I admit, the dessert area was cool, but food-wise?  I expected better.  One of the main things I wanted to try was the lamb chops.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as tasty as I expected.  No flavor, needs more salt and a bit overcooked.  But Im sure they rather over cook then undercook for health reasons.  Heck, lamb chops from Costco tasted better.  Thank goodness our large group didn't have to wait in line because one of our friends went around the hotel asking for line passes and low and behold, he got them!   Mind you I'm not saying it's terrible, but I expected better.  Bellagio and the buffet at the former Alladin still rank higher in my mind.
The Platinum did not disappoint!It was everything as advertised.  It reminded me of a W hotel.My worry was since it was off strip and a non gaming hotel that finding a taxi would be a problem.  It wasn't at all!  They either have people waving taxis in or they can call for one for you.  I didn't have to wait  more than 5 minutes on a Friday or Saturday night.  I didnt get a chance to dine at the restaurant, but did enjoy lunch poolside (chopped salad) which was quite yummy.  Since it's a condo/hotel usually I expected the clientele to be older or families.  But I think the word is out and that it's slightly changing - as evidenced by the several bachelorette parties and young women I saw poolside. Ummm...where was I?  Oh yeah - definitely check out the Platinum!!
Limo ride to the gentlemen's club - FREECover into Sapphire - $30A lap dance from a beautiful Mexican girl - $20Finding out her name is the same as your mom's - PRICELESSI've been here twice now and I would have to say that it seems almost too big for it's own good.   Despite that it was still fun.
Spent Saturday night here with bottle service in the upstairs VIP area.It was WORTH it!  I had a blast here.  Body English is truly a "dance club" -  Not quite as stuffy as the newer clubs or ultra-lounges in Vegas.   We arrived around 11pm  and the music was iffy - alot of old school and freestyle.  Not that I minded, for upon looking down on the dance floor it was completely filled with women dancing!  Throughout the night the music got better and better as they mixed in some classic party music with current hits.  There's nothing like being wasted and singing Mr. Brightside with your best buddies and new found friends.  I didn't leave til the club closed at 4am.
I was actually a little disappointed with Moon. The roof opening up wascool. The view was awesome. The music was ok. Maybe it was the vibe. Ihad booked a table and upon checkin the host told me it was a goodtable and we'd have a great time. Rrrrrright. The table was situatedupstairs, but one end was next to the stairwell leading down to themain floor and the other end was where the door to go out to theviewing deck was. In previous table bookings at other clubs, tableswere usually in roped off areas so only you, your party and if you'relucky, new friend(s) were allowed. This was not the case. (at least thetable and area we were in). Being between the stairs and the door,people were walking left and right and even trying to sit at our table.Now you would think with all this foot traffic it would help in thefacilitation of meeting people, afterall it was a bachelor party. Nope.It didnt. One thing I noticed is that the crowd at Moon isn't asfriendly. It's a seen and be seen place almost. That, plus the tablelocation contributed to the bad vibes. It was still fun though, butonly 3-star fun for me.
I had never been to Cheetah's and I had heard many a story of how good this place was.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  Things did not start off on the right foot with Cheetah's as I had booked and prepaid ahead of time a package deal for 12 of us where you pay $30 for complimentary shuttle from your hotel, 2 drinks and VIP seating.  They were suppose to pick me up at 11pm.  They didn't show so I called them and they didnt have any record of my booking.  But they sent their shuttle anyway.  So nearly an hour later we get to Cheetah's.  The door guy and manager still says they can't my resevation.  So not wanting to disappoint the boys I figure I'd pay for the package again and call my credit card to reverse the previous charges later.  We get inside and it's alot smaller than I expected and brighter too!   We get seated in a large roped off booth below the DJ.  As we sit down, guess what?  The manager finds the email confirming my reservation.  So we're all good.  Whew!  Maybe we were there too early or something, but the quality of girls did not match my expectations.  One Asian girl in particular would not leave us alone!!  I was the first one to receive a dance from her and she was just plain bad.   After our round of drinks and a few dances we decide to leave for a more "popular" gentleman's club.  One that sounds similar to Peppermint Dino.  Perhaps I'll give Cheetah's another chance - I just have to remember to come later in the night.
Istanbul Sofra has amazing food and amazing service, if you are in the area make sure to try this place.
Rege is the only barber I trust with my hair. Quality hair cut each time for a reasonable price. Nick is also an excellent barber. The shop is clean and parking right in front. Give them a try for your next hair cut, you won't be disappointed.
This is a hole in the wall place with tables in a separate room adjacent to the bar. Like the reviews state no sign so look for the copper doors. The atmosphere in the restaurant area was nice and quiet. We 4  sat at the community table which was a beautiful polished copper.  We all had the special which was ney York strip topped with crab and came with asparugus, brocoli,  and carrots with a jalapeo hollandaise and their signature potato in a green chili. We also had chips salsa and guacamole which all had some heat especially the green salsa. Everything was prepared perfectly and was delicious.  I would go back.
Located in an open area within a small mall. Went to dim sum and it was just average.
Food was good, but I thought slightly under seasoned. Seating is slightly crammed which I didn't care for. Service was very good and it was easy to get a reservation. Nice place for a date and prices were good.
Went here for dim sum and was very pleased with the selection and the food was very tasty.  Price was very good. We ate a lot and the bill was very reasonable. I have had dim sum at Great Wall and Mekong Palace and in my opinion C-fu is better.
This is a very nice, very clean family hotel. Only problem is the walls appear to be thin and you hear a lot of noise from the hallway.
Large selections of almost everything. Many choices for food. Fun to just walk around and look at different things. Large selection of used cars being sold by owners. Easy to get to and lots of parking. Prices are very good.
Very good sushi and very friendly service. Excellent prices. Small dinning area and located in a strip mall, but don't let that bother you. You will certainly enjoy the food.
Seville Golf and Country Club is a diamond in the ruff. Golf, Sports Facility, and Food.
honestly, for the trouble we went through to get here, I would not do it again. nothing special about these lil ass burgers. cheeseburgers from McDonald's are way better. trust me.
got a calzone ($8.50) a slide of pizza ($5.50) an order of 10 pieces of wings ($8.99) and a fountain drink ($2.50) (refill .54 cents)Wings were crispy from the outside but the meat was just too dry!!!! And pizza was too salty!!! And the calzone was mediocre at best. only reason it's getting any stars is cause of the service. which was pretty stellar. won't be coming here anytime soon.
Please, please, please keep looking around at other places or pay an extra $100/month. This place is NOT worth it, do NOT live here. Arbour Park is full of BUGS EVERYWHERE. Although the property management says they get sprayed I beg to differ. I have had nothing but bug problems since I have lived here. I am very clean and disinfect everything once a week and there are still nothing but bugs, I honestly feel like I have been living in a dump. There is also no dish washer, horrible lighting, the oven is like an easy bake oven for adults it is so tiny. Not to mention the water is always being shut off due to water leakage so that has been inconvenient. If you are a female I would definitely not recommend this place, I never feel safe and there is always creepy tweakers/bums walking through at night. If you work late nights and sleep in, there are lovely birds that chirp outside your window and do NOT stop. Last but not least the management is HORRIBLE. Very unprofessional and they do not give a crap about you or your problems with the place. You can tell they hate their job and this has by far been the WORST apartment complex I have ever lived in. If you are considering living here please, I beg of you to look somewhere else. It is not worth it and everything is a hassle, especially if you have to deal with management. I can't wait to move out, I am literally counting down the days.
My boyfriend bought me a ring from this JC Penney's and we took it there to get it sized. It was the most frustrating experience I have ever dealt with. I spoke with three different employees about when my ring would be in to pick up and every single person had a different story. I have never been so angry at customer service representatives and I thought since I was getting the run around they lost my ring. So you are probably wondering why I gave them four stars and that is because at the end of the process they actually gave my the BEST customer service I have ever had despite all of the frustration the past few weeks. AMY was very helpful and on top of that Yvonne the store manager actually came to my house to deliver my ring. I could not believe they offered to do that and after everything I have a lot of respect for the customer service they did end up offering. Amy and Yvonne were amazing and they both made my experience much better.
Unsure how this place has good reviews. Incredibly noisy.Portions are expensive and smaller than an appetizer plate. Too many good restaurants on the strip to bother stopping here. Will never return.
When you come to Persian Room, be sure to bring your appetite! I ordered just a side (the loobia polo) and could only eat half of it! Having only tried one thing, I can tell you that's delicious, but I can't say much more about the food. The restaurant itself is classy, quiet, and pleasant. Raheem, my server, and his team were charming and excellent at their jobs.I wish I lived in town, because I really think I'd be a regular here!
One and Done! This is NOT your restaurant if you expect fresh stir fried Thai food. Our meals tasted like leftovers that had been boiled up again. We ordered 2 different meals with chicken and rice, but when we got our order they seemed like the same meal. Our meals hardly had any chicken and the carrots tasted like boiled stew with onions. NO FRESH INGREDIENTS, the basil sauce tasted like soy sauce with lots of salt. Service was OK.
My husband & I came here for an early dinner. We read the good reviews and wanted to try it. Unfortunately our experience was not good. It's not the worst restaurant I've ever been to but definitly won't be back. We ordered the lemon chicken because of the recommendations on Yelp. It was hideous. My husband was starved and ate it. It was greasy and tasted like powdered lemonade mix had been use d for flavoring. It was tough as leather, a sharp knife had to be used to cut it. I had the spicy shrimp which were a bit fishy tasting, on the small side and bright pink with some kind of food coloring but much better than the lemon chicken. Our check was presented with a fortune cookie that was completely smashed in 20 pieces. That just shows no respect for the guest. We won't ever be back. PS portions are small too.
One of the best Thai food in Vegas. Pud Woon Sen/ Glass noodle is my favorite.There are at least 3 Archies Restaurants around the valley but Rainbow and 215 location has the best chef !!
Best Vietnamese Food in Las Vegas!!!The Pho, Grill Beef, and Crispy Noodle dish are the best!!
Can't go wrong with the Udon!!!!Chicken Katsu is their best. For Bento plate best deal is at lunch time.
The Best Indian food in Las Vegas  !!!Love the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Chicken Tadori  !!Free Garlic bread with the house white dipping sauce are so delicious ! The service is awesome. They have lunch buffet too We are going to come back for sure
If you love Monta, you will love this one too!!Even better because they can make the soup as hot/spicy as you want.The friend rice is exactly the same. Delicious !!The location is great, right by 215 and Durango.The place is way nicer than Monta.
If you want to have Dim Sum even after Dim Sum regular lunch hours, you should try Yum Cha Dim Sum.I tried their Beef Ball, Chicken feet. Fish stuffed tofu are so good. Place is clean and the service is go!
Their fresh Cheese Croissant is the BEST. I had to come back immediately after tried one and got another 10
Nice place BUT the food is regular, not good. Just like Olive Garden kind of food. Not worth the price at all.
This is the worst shawarma place in the city. The pita is dry, nothing stays in the wrap, and the salad is just a pile of old lettuce. Went here twice, the second time I came to give it a second chance after the first time was terrible but they were awful 2 times. Don't waste your time or money on this place.
Very unhappy with the sales people did not do what they said they would do service department is very good
Food was great. Only had a pepperoni pizza but still on par with much more expensive pizzerias. Service was good - it was 3 am, 2 men working, one was on the phone but the other stepped up and completed my order promptly and courteously. Love the convenience of their hours as I'm a total night owl. Will order again!
Last year Dr Dave extracted one of my wisdom teeth. The procedure was quick, and as painless as such a thing can be. Dr Dave had that tooth out in 2 wiggles. It was a great experience. They gave me the name of another doctor who specializes in sedation dentistry to remove the others but I have no interest in being sedated and the Dr had said he could get the other 3 but I may be more comfortable sedated. I disagree. Today I called to have the same simple tooth extraction done. They rudely told me that they had reffered me else where and did not make the appointment. Now best case scenario I have to wait until the 4th just to have another bloody consult and probably a week longer to have anything actually done. I'm in pain now, it would take them maybe an hour from start to finish to fix my problem but they'd rather try and send me down the road for a much more expensive procedure that I don't need. Very unhelpful, very rude, completely lacking in compassion. Just lost a patient and they won't be getting their finders fee for sending me else where because I will not be seeing the oral surgeon they recommended either.
Wait was not long, service wasn't bad. However I did have to send back my burger (double decker) three times before I simply wanted a refund. The first time was because I ordered my burger with no onions and no pickles, and they put onions on it. Second time was when they brought it and it was almost ice cold (they probably left it next to a fridge?) girl was super nice & understanding so she sent it back again. And third was when it made me sick. The double decker has two meat patties and one of them was cooked the other was completely RAW. You can see for yourself in the pictures. Manager or whoever was super nice. Took my burger out of the check and gave us a discount on our whole ticket as well as offered free dessert. The rating is for the food. Before you take a bite, check your burger.
Had dinner there last week and the food was amazing.  Ordered the three course meal and loved everything.  The bartender mixed up a surprise drink and I was not disappointed.  I would recommend Crudo to anyone who loves great food.
My daughter has been enrolled at The Hills School for over a year on a full-time basis. She LOVES it and is always excited to go to school.  She started at 20 months in the English Program and then transferred to the German Immersion Program at 25 months. I am not fluent in German, but feel that she has benefited from exposure to a second language and culture.  The teachers are very experienced and love what they do. It is a very caring community and feels like an extended family. The teachers and administrators have always quickly responded to any questions that I have.  My daughter was recently diagnosed with food allergies and they were supportive, provided additional information and help to ensure that she does not have an allergic reaction while at school. The school is "nut free" and this helps ensure that my daughter is safe. I strongly recommend The Hills School.
Great food and have been going there since it opened.  The Pizza is really good and the Commuter hits the spot for breakfast.  I recommend LGO to everyone.
This is a phenomenal place! Not only for egg lovers but for everyone! We had stuffed French toast, mashed potato omelette and California crpe which was beyond amazing. Oh and don't forget to order some mimosas!
My wife and I love coming to Therapy everytime we're in Vegas. We usually stay downtown so it's a quick and easy walk from our hotel. Blake and Shannon have taken care of us several times and they are great always recommending the best bites to eat and of course the best drinks. They are the main reason we keep coming back. I highly recommend coming to Therapy whenever you're in town.
Great concept and super friendly service. This was my first time here and the girl working were was so helpful and patient explaining everything to me. You have the option of ordering one of the many choices off the menu or you can create your own sushi burrito "Chipotle style" by going down the line and telling the employee what/how you want your burrito fixed. I picked the "3 amigos" off of the menu and it was delicious. It was also very filling which is my biggest gripe with sushi, I'm always hungry and hour or two after I eat it but this time I was still full almost 4 hours later.
My wife and I were looking for someplace good to get a quick food order to go since we were traveling back home and didn't have time to eat right then and there. We were at the Wal-Mart off of Dysart and a quick search showed this place right across the street. Checked out their online menu and reviews and it looked good so we decided to check it out. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and the young lady at the counter (didn't get her name, doh!) was super friendly and thoroughly explained the menu. I'm a sucker for pork chops and one of the specials was the pork chop dinner so that made my choice super easy. Each dinner comes with 2 decent size sides, I got mac & cheese and potato salad. My wife went with the chicken strip dinner and her sides were mac & cheese and cole slaw. The dinners also come with a dinner roll or for 50 cents more you can opt for a cornbread muffin. With no hesitation we went with the muffins. For dessert they have banana pudding and peach cobbler, we each went with the pudding since my wife said she wasn't go to share hers with me :-( The girl at the counter rang us up and about 15 mins later our food was ready. Yes the wait seemed like a long time but I was hoping that meant the food was going to be extra good... well I would have to wait 2 hours until we got home. It was torture driving that long with the smell of freshly made pork chops and fried chicken in the car! The verdict: THE WAIT WAS TOTALLY WORTH IT! I opened my container and there were 2 good sized pork chops seasoned and cooked perfectly. Pork chops can be very dry if not cooked right but these were juicy and the seasoning had a slight hint of heat to it which I enjoyed. The mac and cheese was good the only thing I would suggest is adding bacon to it and the potato salad was fresh and tasted sweet. I grew up eating tangy potato salad so usually I'm not a fan of sweet but this was really good and not overly sweet. The muffin was good but I'm spoiled because my drizzles honey onto her cornbread before she bakes it but I still had no problem devouring this muffin. My wife said her strips were tasty as well as her sides. Oh and I almost forgot, the banana pudding was AMAZING! So to sum it up this place makes some super tasty soul food for a decent price and the people there are the friendliest you'll find anywhere. Go check it out, your stomach will thank you for it!
This is always our first stop when we get to Vegas and our last stop when we leave town. Way better than Starbucks and much quicker and friendlier service. If you pull up and see a long line of cars or people don't worry, they keep the line moving very quickly and usually have employees out in the lines taking orders on tablets and taking your payment so by the time you get to the window your drink is ready and paid for. My wife loves their coffee but I go with the Blue Rebel energy drink. It's like a fruit slushie with a energy kick but without the jitters. Perfect for the long drive home.
Great cinnamon rolls! You can either get the mini rolls, which for us was enough for 1 person or you can get the bigger rolls which 2 or 3 people can easily share. The rolls are sweet but not too sweet which is a sign of a great roll. I can't stand rolls that are drenched in frosting and are too sweet to eat but these are just right. They also serve food here but I can't comment on that, we just came here for the rolls and we will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
We always stop at this Dutch Bros location before the 2 hour drive back home. My wife MUST get her caffeine fix and I also need a drink for the road. The employees here are super friendly and always make you feel welcomed. Whether it's the employee out in the drive thru line taking your order or the one at the drive up window, they all have a smile on their faces and great attitudes. Drinks are always made perfectly and taste the the same everytime, not like other coffee places that screw up your order all the time... not mentioning any names! Oh and don't let a long line of cars or people discourage you, they usually are very busy but the line moves really quick and because the employees love to chit chat with you it seems like the time goes by quicker.
Love Lena! She did a great job and was very friendly and knew what she was doing! There are so many colors to pick from. Great experience!!!
we stopped in here on St Patrick's Day  and the place was not very busy so we thought we would give it a go , first of all the server was good but the kitchen had a serious problem getting the food out  , took way too long for a simple order. I do have  to say that the food was just ok , I was disappointed in my meal as it should have been a knock out for a soul food restaurant. ,would I go back ? maybe , we will see.
This place never fails to please my wife and I . Always top notch food and the service is always friendly and prompt. We will not hesitate to drive out of our way to visit when we are in the Cleveland area . Just love it !!!!!!
We so wanted this new restaurant and brew house to be great , as we have been fans of the store and owner for years . But unfortunately on our first visit on a slow Saturday the food totally fell flat, we had ordered a schnitzel to split between us , it came finally  but was hardly worth the wait , it was dry and flavorless. You would think a German restaurant could at least get a schnitzel right. Don't know if we will go back to the restaurant again but will hope they start to get it right.
Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon while in Cleveland for a visit. Service was prompt and courteous. We got pierogis for a appetizer and they were great. I got the chicken dinner special and my wife got the stuffed cabbage, both meals were also very good . In short , loved this place and will return.
They get four stars just because . This place is a dying breed , the neighborhood corner bar where they if not know your name they remember if you have been there before. We always stop  in for one of Dennis's bloody marys and to see the locals hangin out . Recently under new ownership we hope the rowley inn has a bright future and can't wait till we return for our next bloody mary.
I got the Irish skillet and my wife got the pancake combo.  Both meals were very delicious!   The pictures look great but the taste is even better.   The wait staff and atmosphere are great 5/5
If you are dealing with Expert Mechanical via Homelife Warranty and are having issues as I have, oddly they have the same address...which tells me they are working together to not pay claims! The more I read the long list of frustrated clients from different complaint sites and YELP the more passionate I am getting about this.  I have been without A/C for a month and a half on one side of my house and have tried to be patient and do everything Homelife has requested me to do including getting two outside opinions and providing proof of maintenance.  Expert Mechanical sent out three guys who each had some other excuse as to why the AC wasnt working, including electrical.  An electrical company came out and said...NO ITS AC FOR SURE! My two outside AC opinions stated clearly that the whole condensing unit needs to be replaced.  Fishy that Homelife and Expert work together. Therefore, I am taking them both to court and going to 3 On Your Side.  I believe there is a class action law suit here with everyone stating the same thing!  If you are reading this and feel you deserve restitution also please contact me at vacationleslie@gmail.com!  Warmly,Leslie
Have to take these guys to court....is giving them a zero star an option?  I have been without ac in half my house for a month and a half.  It took sending out 4 of their own guys to come to the conclusion that they would pay no more than $ 500 for a $3500 repair...and that was after I had to get two outside opinions on my own dime and provide 2 years of maintenence proof.  Even after all that was done...they continue to be rude and unethical....even though i have a recording of Robert telling my fiance the unit would be covered in full where Anthony and Kevin said nothing will be covered....expect a slap in the face $500.
Nick and the rest of the group are amazing! Last time I got my car repaired they came back with a quote 1/3 of anyone else and when I went to pay  it was even cheaper than that.  As a female I usually get screwed with car stuff but not these guys! Recommend to everyone!
Angela is amazing! Its the first spray tan that actually looks natually sun kissed as opposed to orange or splochy! She knows her stuff!
This place is amazing! Super delicious and fantastic price for the amount of food you get! We recommend this to everyone!
I love going to korean bbq however, this location was so uncompromising about the lunch pricing. My party of 3 arrived at 2:40 and we had to wait 40 minutes to be seated and because of this they would not give us the lunch price. Not to mention online the dinner price was $21, and in the restaurant the price is $25 dollars, compared to the $16 dollar lunch price. For the price to increase by ten dollars is ridiculous and second for them to charge us ten dollars more because of their wait is even more absurd. I had high hopes for this location but the incompetence of the staff and manager is disappointing.
Wow, great food and service.  The cheese crisp was great, with the green chile for flavor and a bit of spice.  Our dishes were very flavorful, spicy, and presented well.  Neighborhood joint with lots of character and fun.  Will definitely go back for authentic Mexican.
Lunch was great. Excellent service and food. Shrimp tacos and beef rellenos very tasty. Will definitely come back.
This has got to be one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Meat, cheese, egg, fries, slaw, tomato all in fresh bead. An experience!!
A solid four star Thai spot. Coconut Soup and Golden Curry are full of flavour, and staff is on point. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, good portions and prices are great!
So good! We ordered one of each taco and all were so juicy. A little small so order extra if you are a big guy like me. Staff and sauce's are sweet and spicy. Fun place for friends!
Fantastic! Get the 50/50 fries and any of the extraordinary burgers. Have tried most and surprisingly my new favourite is the Tokyo burger.   Pickled ginger and wasabi mayo. You must try it! Wait can be longer during peak hours but totally worth it! A five star gem *****
Oh man the cheese! Split the charcutarie board and could not be happier! The motzerela ball was so unbelievably good I would think I never tried cheese before. Will absolutely return for special ocations $$$.
Absolutely the best! Maybe it's the vintage hockey para on the walls, the rotation of craft beer from local breweries or the fantastic menu of pub favourites and a daily sandwich special, but shakey's has won my heart. Black bean soup is so flavourful but the fish and chips are by far my favourite (Fridays only). Shakey's is by far the best stop for the leafs game!
Just delicious! Perfect bennies and home fries, fresh ingredients and attention to detail. Full of colour and taste but go early as the wait can be up to an hour.
We began coming here a couple of years ago and  liked it.  Food quality and service has declined significantly over the past few months.  Today it took 40 minutes to get our meal and it wasn't right or good in a couple of the items.  Server did not listen and manager didn't seem concerned.  Not coming back.
New York West is a true bakery. Everything made fresh, customer focus, custom orders, and is a local, family owned business. Great baked goods, hard to stay away. Highly recommend.
My friend and I decided on a weekend trip to Charlotte to eat, shop, and catch up. Charlotte is ~ half way between our two cities. We did our research and came up with some good places to eat. 300 East was on our list for Sunday brunch before we both headed home. The Good: The bartender was fantastic! I don't remember his name but he was very friendly and provided impeccable service despite being VERY busy on a Sunday morning. There was also a female bartender who came in about 20 minutes after we had been seated and she was also super friendly and helpful. I had the Shakshuka special, my friend had the french toast, and we split some beignets. I can't speak for her but the shakshuka and beignets were both delicious. I'm used to having shakshuka with crusty bread - they served it here with a sort of fried bread which was a little odd but delicious nonetheless. I would give this place 5 stars based on the service at the bar and the food alone. The Bad: This is where the three star rating comes in. We came in around 10:15 on a Sunday morning - right after they opened. The restaurant was pretty empty at this point - every seat at the bar was open. I walked in and the hostess looked me up and down in a not-so-friendly way. No smile. Just a look and a hello. I said there would be two of us and she said 'do you have reservations?' I said no and she (in a very snooty manner) said 'You can sit at the bar or you can sit outside. That's all I have to offer you. We also have heaters outside if you want to be comfortable'. I worked in restaurants for years - as a hostess and as a waitress. I get that if the restaurant is booked w/ reservations there's little you can do for people who walk in. It wasn't the issue that we couldn't sit at a table. We were perfectly content at the bar. However, her attitude was such a turn off. If we had more time and weren't somewhat in a hurry to get back on the road, we would have turned around and not eaten here. That would have been a shame because we would have missed such wonderful food. But, in all honesty, you need better people at the hostess station to welcome people. I will say that I didn't interact with the other two people who were seating patrons so maybe they were friendlier. But, goodness, the one hostess genuinely almost ruined what was otherwise a great experience.
Probably one of my first day pool party in Vegas! Better late than never, right?We were one of the first ppl in line because the bride didn't want to wait in line LOL. The line was super easy. They give you a drink ticket which is only good towards to well drinks. They will make sure you're wearing your swim attire otherwise they won't let you in. Leave the snacks at the hotel because they will throw them away. They don't allow you to bring bags to put your stuff inside unless you pay $30. Come prepared with minimal items! As you go in, there's a small pool with floaters around. THERE IS ONLY 1 BAR. When the club is filled up, it's going to take forever to get your drinks, so drink up. I suggest getting the drink with a lid that costs like $40 that gives you so much alcohol. It's spill-proof that's great when you're in the pool, haha. Any drinks in Vegas are expensive in general. $20 for a shot of Patron?! We were here for Morgan Page, we arrived around 10:45 then got in at 11 am.. he didn't play until a little later at 3 pm. I was sort of expecting like EBH type of shit but it isn't. It's still hella fun!
A trysting place, Tryst! For your information, the vocabulary means a private, romantic rendezvous between lovers. This term perfectly describes the venue. Eclectic venue with the rocky waterfall! The lighting to the waterfall were very celestial and richly colorful discharging a calming atmosphere. Not a bad club at all, but the venue itself is very romantic and magnificent. Their drinks are high-priced but strong! I didn't spend much time here because we were just browsing out this club. Nonetheless, it's a nice, bijou club and I wouldn't mind coming back here if there is nowhere to go.
One word: L-A-V-I-S-H! Once you walk in from the elevator to this facility area, your nose will sense a very rich, aromatic, calming scent throughout the hallway... this place is so...ostentatiously rich and luxurious... there are majestic, mixture of opulent Persian and Indian decors & furnitures. I felt like a royalty walking by here for my spa/massage. As you walk up to this spacious area, on your right. there is this fancy fitness center you can go to. All machines are squeaky clean and sanitized, the staff are very professional (as expected from a 5-star hotel at Encore), purified water is provided for the guests, a fresh headset (in case you forgot to bring them), and at end of your workout, you will be provided with fresh fruits on your way out. On the left side, there is a walkway to the elevator to the pool area, which is ginormous. I've never seen a beautiful pool in my life. It seems like Taj Mahal or some sort. The cabanas are so cool and modern, the plants are shaped beautifully, and the people here are beautiful, lol.. Everything here is almost... perfect! The spa here is darn expensive (expect to pay at least $200 for the cheapest package), but the service here and that luxurious feel, you can't beat it. Damn, I'm spoiled and broke. Come pamper yourself here at least once and you will not regret it!
Electric Daisy Carnival is not just a destination, a place, a celebration, a setting, or a music festival. It's a life changing experience, an adventure... a magical wonderland! It was an ethereal, surreal journey. This year EDC is my first and I would not change it in any other way because of the memories we created together with friends and the new. So much fun/cool experience! There is no way I can describe EDC because you have to be there in order to feel the experience with other 350,000+ people. The goods: -The largest rave in America stretched out approx. 1.5-2 miles apart with over 350,000+ attendees. Holy. -Spectacular decors and stage set ups. I loved the Kinetic Field set up the most! That celestial castle mimicked Little Mermaid's castle of gold or Disney's Sleeping Beauty castle or some form of cathedral structure! Very remarkable and incredible. THE LIGHT INSTALLATIONS ARE PHENOMENAL! Now I can understand why Insomniac spent over $35 million dollars+ toward the productions. -It goes from dusk to sunrise. -Free water, but the line can be cruel-some. Stay hydrated please!-65+ carnival rides are fun to ride with your friends and make good memories. -The artists! Hardwell, Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Dash, Avicii, Kaskade, Carnage, Alesso, and all of the biggest EDM DJs you know. -You'll meet some of the friendliest people on the planet. I got to PLUR with some of amazing new friends! -THE FIREWORKS. -The bads: -Beer is overpriced.. $8 for a can of Budlight? -No cell signal, so don't rely on catching receptions. Bring some walkie talkies.-Parking. It's the worst when trying to get out of Speedway. -Traffic. It takes minimum of 45 minutes to 4 hours to get to the carnival from the Strip. -Running out of toilet papers in the rest rooms, so bring some for yourself. All in all, I had the best experience with friends I will forever cherish! This is something everyone in their 20s should experience once in their lifetime.Thank you Pasquale Rotella, CEO and Founder of Insomniac Productions, for making this happen every year. It was literally the BEST WEEKEND OF MY LIFE surrounded with good and positive vibes. Rolling bowling balls. Awesome kandis. Oh my gawd, awesome DJs. PLUR. Sleep is for the weak. #insomiac. EAT SLEEP RAVE REPEAT!See you next year under the electric sky!
Life is indeed beautiful!The festival encompasses 18 blocks of in Downtown Las Vegas. It has 4 stages and ton of artwork EVERYWHERE! Plus It's an all age event I'm surprised this is well kept than most festival I've been to. The crowd flow, cleanliness, food, drinks are all up to par. Our amazing friends Danny N. & Patricia N. held their ceremony here and got married at the Container Park when Daniel Park played for them on stage. HOW AMAZING IS THAT?! Such a lifetime experience. Love how LIB has a ton of musical diversity and their character is very down to earth vibe. I only stayed for Friday out of all three days. Some of my favorites this year were Daniel Park, Kehlani, Raury, Mumford & Sons & Galantis! It was more of less EDM on Friday than Sat & Sun. I've had been to other festivals like EDC and Hard Summer. I appreciate trying out a different type of music genre!Life is Beautiful is one of the books!
This Las Vegas buffet is permeated with familiar comfort foods prepared in the freshest manner exploiting the finest ingredients. With more than 500+ dishes to choose from daily, every guest is sure to satiate their immense craving at Bacchanal, whether it's one for prime rib, chilled king crab legs that are already cut for you, grilled lamb chop, made to order tacos, and baked-to-order pastries. It represented the decadence of a Roman feast set within a fine dining atmosphere. Super chic environment with Sparta theme surrounded by the Greek goddesses or Roman emperors for a huge feast. I've been to Wicked Spoon, The Carnival Buffet, Wynn Buffet, and many others in Las Vegas. This one didn't impress me to an extend. I had super high expectation but it didn't exceed it. I guess all the hype isn't just a bluff. I will have to pass on this one but this deserves 4 stars.
This is a must have whenever I stop by Vegas aka Sin City! A Fat Tuesday is perfect for any days in the week, despite its name... It's basically alcoholic ICEE or Slushy. Perfect on a hot day in the desert in Vegas! They have plenty of flavors like margarita, mango, pina colada,  hurricane, eye candy, etc. I am sure there's a flavor you will like and you can't go wrong with most of them. They offer tasting to see which ones you like.They have every size from a cup to 100oz yard (if you want to go that crazy and be gone at end of the day) priced from about $8-$36. Each additional shots of Everclear or 151 is an additional $1. Keep in mind, about a regular monster cup size already has about 4 shots. It's a creeper for sure! One time I was walking back to my hotel sipping my slurpee like I was so dehydrated/thirsty, by the time I got to my hotel room... my face was already red & realized I was pretty gone/buzz, LOL. HEAT + ALCOHOL = bad combination. Tips: DO NOT DISPOSE YOUR CUP! YOU CAN REUSE IT! So you can save about $4 and save the planet Earth, too. I even brought my cup back home. I make sure I bring my cup when I make a trip to Vegas because I know Fat Tuesday will the first stop! 5 extra shots, please!
I must say.... it's a pretty decent price to pay for something better than your local Hometown Buffet. Yes, there are all kinds of food you can imagine, from Japanese to Mediterranean. Nothing too crazy here. Unlimited gelatos were heaven.
TAO nightclub lives up for Vegas. I got in for free, and got free drinks as well?? As much as I want! The bouncer was nice enough to provide me VIP drinks with the tickets he handed me. I have no idea how I got this, lol. Great music. As a clubber vulture, I live up for this one. This is my 2nd club in Vegas and I had an amazing time. The Asian decors are super astonishing. I will probably come back here when I'm back to Sin City.
Amazing 'secret' place in Cosmo! It's on the third floor of the building (you're welcome) and has no signs! It's right next to Zuma, if that helps. There is a long hallway full of old school ads/artwork toward Secret Pizza. The reason being it secret because it isn't on the directory. But it isn't a secret anymore with over three thousand reviews!! They have the white sauce, red sauce and Sicilian pizza (which they ran out). I had a first bad impression about their pizza as soon as I saw the pizza laying on the counter that looks old and pale... but I was wrong, they heat them up for you in the hot oven before serving. Did I mention that this was the CHEAPEST MEAL in VEGAS?! 2 slices for about $6. CRISPY, gooey cheese, THIN CRUST, and simply delicious... I can imagine myself here at 4AM (they open until really late) after a drunk night. Probably one of my highlight meals in Vegas. A SUPER MUST TRY!
It was pretty interesting in terms of the meals.  A bit pricey for what they are offering in my opinion, but then the cocktails were amazing.I was iffy with the rare pork but then it did taste pretty good, didn't get sick afterwards so now I can say it was good lol...Very loud environment so don't expect to go for a quiet ambient sort of dining experience.
I'm rating 5 stars because it does exactly what it's intended for...cheap, quick, great eats.Call ahead of time about 5-10 minutes and you don't even have to wait to pick up!  It's the biggest sushi rolls you'll find.  And because they have so much traffic, their stuff is always fresh!Just don't expect to find a seat inside.  You'll probably rate them lower if you tried to sit there because it will not be comfortable, especially in winter without double doors.  But treat this as a take-out place and you'll never order from anywhere else again!
All drinks were served in plastic cups, nothing like the pictures.The prices are so ridiculously expensive, you would think it would at least be served with in a nice glass? Shaved ice was served like it was randomly thrown together, the bowl was splashed with the red bean sauce everywhere.Not that it tastes horrible...just that you shouldn't pay a premium for sth that looks even worse than tea 168...Don't come here.
Love how they are open late......pork bone soup is so amazing after a night out!  It's a bit too salty but honestly, at 4am, you don't really care anymore haha....
FISH TACOS ARE THE BESTThe rest are alright but then nothing beats the Fish Tacos!!!Too bad this location closes too early though.  End up going to Owl next door all the time....
Great waitresses, enough said......Go for the Monday specials, definitely worth it!
The food was alright,  I'd say even pretty good.   Tried the steak pie with a side of haggis.  The haggis was actually pretty good.  Good beer selection,  though I'm surprised they didn't grace guiness....How can a pub like this not have guiness?  The server was so bloody rude that it ruins the whole experience though.   Who doesn't say sorry when they spill and splash something over their guests.   And who demands for, instead of apologizing and asking if it's ok to pay with credit because they ran out of change...And she didn't even tell us it was last call. So when we tried to order dessert all she says is the kitchen's already closed.Don't ruin your nice bar with such bad service......
For the price, the portions are pretty good.  You'll be full for sure.  However, sometimes the piece of fish is cut too big for the sushi and it's just not a good balance of rice/fish.  Not complaining that it's too much, but it's cut poorly (i.e. too thick) so you're chewing on a big chunk of tuna instead of savouring it.I do prefer New Generation Sushi slightly further east of them.  But this is a better option if you really can't wait since they have two floors.  And if you just want bigger portions, this is a better place to go.
Make sure you order Combination instead of any of the other ones.  It has the bets flavour because it brings the beef broth in with the seafood flavours whereas some of the other ones such as Dumpling are so bland....it's no wonder some people don't like it as much.They used to have a seaweed side dish which was to die for, but they stopped serving that about 3-4 years ago I think because too many people kept getting refills and it wasn't a cheap item lol...This location is so much better than the one at Yonge and Finch even though it's the same company.  But in the winter, it's so annoying when the doors keep opening and the cold rushes in.
I LOVE THIS PLACE.Cheap entry to a pub...with FREE VIDEO GAMES?!?!?!I think I might have experienced the better side of it by visiting on a Monday night though, I can see this place being jam packed on the weekend which makes it hard to find an opportunity to play games.One thing that was difficult was that not all games had a spot for you to put down your beer.  Since it was empty it was fine but you're basically leaving your drink unattended behind you for a prolonged period of time while you are gaming...I think this will be one of my favourite go-to spots for weeknight hangouts.  Two-for-one entry on Mondays, Toonie Tuesdays?  yes please....there were more daily specials but I dont' remember them.
Meh......I feel like I can make this at homeIt's not disgusting, but it doesn't measure up to what the other Ramen places around Toronto are serving up.It's nice that they do have more choices on the menu like having Takoyaki etc.   However, I'd say you might as well have a smaller menu and do what you do better...I didn't have a great server either so that probably made my experience worse.
I didn't know about this place until the (crazy) pokemon hunter friends (no I don't play personally, I actually have a life) that gather on main street told me about it.  This is a neat late night place to go to.  Beware - It's hard to get a table if you arrive late!  This place can get packed.  I came here mainly for drinks but ordered the Kimchi Poutine and I have to say I was not disappointed.  Good portion and tasted pretty damn good.There are 3 dart machines and a beer pong table upstairs with an open lounge setup makes it easy for a bunch of friends to just go to chill and have fun.  Reasonably priced and the waitresses are pretty nice and friendly.  Makes for an interesting hangout spot uptown.
Impressive tastes.  Not so impressive portions.  Value proposition not there.Started with a Tom Yum Soup and it was very strong flavoured...almost toooooo strong.  But it was served in a small white bowl like the ones inside a university cafeteria.  Meh...Also had the lettuce wrap which was pretty good (the only thing I managed to take a pic of bc I was starving) and pork skewers, pork belly sausage, fried rice, street style noodles....It tastee great bc I was starving.  But with the price I felt like it didn't completely stand out from the crowd.  I could get this enjoyment from a cheaper location...
Really great teas, but make sure you get it less sweet in my opinion.  The normal sweetness is wayyyyy too sweet.  I sometimes go as far as getting 30% sugar.  Grass Jelly is the best!
Food's not bad, great for a student hangout.  I only dropped a star because the seating arrangement is a bit too cramped.
Go to Coras next door.  This place always has all these flies crawling on the pizzas........it's seriously disgusting
You know with so many options around for desserts and Asian drinks nowadays, it's hard to satisfy a typical customer.  I'd say this place maintains a pretty good standard of service but then the food quality at this location is sub-par.  It usually doesn't sit that well with me the next day lol...maybe it's the msg or super salty levels?  Drinks are not bad though, but they increases the price write a bit ever since the renovations. I actually rather go to the hwy7/east beaver creek location when I am able to.  But this spot is convenient to get some studying done until 2am (3am for Fri/sat).The service bumps it up to three stars.  Otherwise I might have given this place 2 stars bc of the price to value ratio.I'd say overall it's ok.  Just don't have super high expectations and you can still have a great time here =P
I've been here about 3 times in the past 3-4 years or so.  I live in the area so it makes it a closer option to go to, and typically you don't have to wait unlike some of the other ramen places.Recently though, there's a lot of competition around with other ramen or chinese pull noodle places opening up south of Yonge/Finch.  I'd put Hakata Shoryuken MUCH above the likes of Aji San Ramen or Kenzo, but I would put them below the likes of San So Tei and Santouka.  You will not be disappointed here, but it's not the best bowl in town.
I come here probably 5 times a week....not every weekday but...sometimes twice on some days to average out!This coffee is legit.  Their flat whites are the bomb.  Also they have a $2 americano deal before 10am which is a steal.  I have their pastries and they are not bad, not to die for but...the 5 Stars will be focused on their espresso bar.If you come here, try their espresso bar and rate them on their coffee.  You won't be disappointed.
Came here because of good reviews and was not disappointed.I came here twice, 1st time earlier this summer and I had a blueberry scone and a flat white on their cozy little patio and had a chat with a coupld and their dog.  That just adds to the charm, being able to just sit around and enjoy the really really good coffee with some great people to chat with.   2nd time i visited I had the flat white again with a cheddar scone.  (As seen in pic)It's not the cheapest coffee join around, but it's the few that know how to do it right.  So if you want to indulge, or if you allocated a large budget for coffee, and you live close by...do come here often lol.Con: parking on Yonge is a damn annoying lol
Awesome food, tastes great, portions are good, can't ask for more!  Will definitely come back again.
5 star for the drink3 star for having to wait for...a drink...averages out to 4Get it 30%-50% sugar, the regular sugar is way too sweet for a normal human being.  Seriously...well I hope I didn't offend you if you get regular sugar lol...
By far my most favourite Ramen place in Toronto.  Actually the only other one that I enjoyed more than this was the Ippudo in New York City.I usually pick the light salt, light lard version of the Shio Ramen.  I think it's better when the soup base is lighter, it really allows you to enjoy the noodles more more than with the heavier salted Miso or Shoyu versions.Rice bowls are great too, the combo is nice and try it with Asahi Black.  Something about Asahi Black just makes it go so well with Ramen!
Great place to hang out, but a bit on the expensive side.  Food is also not bad, but again, a bit on the expensive side...I guess if you don't mind spending a little bit, it's a great place to hang out!  They're always busy with corporate events too.  Make sure you book ahead of time if possible.  But they only let members book way ahead...
Very peppery pork bone soup, can't say if this is my favourite or not but it's pretty good.  It's conveniently located as well right at Yonge and Finch.Services is inconsistent though, sometimes some are nice, others just plain don't care about you.I don't mind going here for quick cheap eats though, table cooking is alright but I'd rather stick to the cheaper items like their pork bone soup.
I work close by so this is pretty convenient location for lunch.  It's a small place so if you're going for lunch on a weekday, go before 1145 unless you like lining up for things...There are so many hand pull noodle stores around now and this one doesn't disappoint.  Not the best as the service was mediocre but the food held up to a good standard.  Customizable noodle thickness is nice, except you really don't know what tastes better without having tried it before lol...so maybe the choice isn't that great of an idea?  But flat noodles are cool.I'd come back because i'm so close by, but maybe not a plate I'd go out of the way to eat at.  I have my fave place for hand pull noodles heh...sorry
Pancakes - very dry...Scrambled eggs - ask for how you want it, or it comes well done by defaultHome fries - deep fried for too longDrip coffee on menu says max 1 refill, really?I did like the 1 piece of French toast with the dad's breakfast.  And the frittata was decent. Overall not too impressed.  There are many other brunch places that are better than this.  A bit overpriced for this food quality...felt like a nicely renovated Dennys.Service was alright, they were always available and attentive.
There's a lot of pho places and so I find it hard to pick a favourite because so many broths are so good in their unique way.Hanoi is a perfect example of a differentiated top performer.  Their soup was very pleasant and flavourful yet light and not too salty, and they use a more transparent noodle version which is different to the typical pho places.  It was a very pleasant light meal.  Only thing is they come in 1 size only, so you can't pick an XL for the starving boys.Also, I wasn't as impressed with the sides I ordered...when I go to a restaurant and order mussels i would be expecting fresh muscles, not those big one shell packaged mussels.  (even though I have to admit it was cooked in a nice way)Service was very nice and quick (but maybe because there wasn't anyone else to serve lol..)HOWEVER, I still have to give a 5 star, because I honestly really liked that pho.......good job Hanoi 3 Seasons!
Wings are good, but service was slow at this location......been to better Wild Wings before.
Not impressed When they were first opened they had bigger serving bowls and gave adequate portions Oh my have they changed!Cost has gone up and portion way smallerThe guy gave me an half and inch of sprouts Maybe 10 soy beans .... and told me when I ask for more sprouts he would have to charge me more!!!I'm shocked I recommended this place to so many Now I'm embarrassed
HORRIBLE service here! We waited for a hour and a half for towels to be delivered! 1 1/2 hours! They kept telling us they are on the way and they never showed up. I called the so called manager who probably wasn't a manager and he tells me oh sorry about your hour and a half wait house keeping doesn't start working until 10am. What vegas hotel especially on the strip does not have housekeeping until 10am? What if I needed towels at 1:04am? I open my door and there is the housekeeping lady cleaning another room. I had to walk out of my room and get towels off of her cart! If you need towels at the tropicana I have two suggestions:1. Bring your own2. Don't ask for any before 10amThey told me they will have the supervisor "talk" to the staff.
Never order from this place. Ever! Ordered a pizza at 8:58pm and had to wait on the phone while the person was S-talking  one of their customers on the other line. Over an hour later, I called to follow up on the status of my order for delivery @ 10:14pm and they said the driver was on route. At 10:17pm, I received a call from the restaurant and they said the driver had "dropped" the pizza and I could wait another hour for them to make a new one or cancel my order  and that was said with a fake apology. If I didn't call to follow up, they would have of processed the payment, as I had to give my payment information ahead of time and never deliver my order. Obviously the order was never processed to begin with and they made up the bogus story to buy more time. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!
My order was really messed up here the other day, and they corrected their mistake really quickly for me! I was impressed because there was a long line and they looked understaffed.
This is an average mom and pops restaurant, and personally I didn't think all the flavors and prices were the best.Food: They have a big menu with various noodle dishes, curries, etc. My friends and I ordered the pineapple fried rice, Singapore noodles, red curry & rice, and Thai tea (all the items are approximately $10 and up). The pineapple fried rice was too salty and although there were chunks of pineapple on top, the flavors didn't blended well. The Singapore noodles were too wet and soggy compared to the ones I get from other Thai and Chinese restaurants. The red curry was the best of the three, and they were generous with the veggies including bamboo and chicken. However, my biggest complaint is that they don't serve sticky rice. I am obsessed with eating my curry with sticky rice so it was a bummer. Service: It was fine, nothing to rave about. We sat ourselves and the server got our drinks, order, and food quickly; but then again we were the only ones in the restaurant. Overall: As a big supporter of authentic food and mom & pop restaurants, I didn't think it held up to its 4 stars rating on Yelp. The flavors were average, the food came out kinda warm, they don't serve sticky rice, and the portions were not worth the price. I'll consider giving them a try next time but as of right now I'll stick with Arawan or Archi's.
I'm obsessed with buffets and AYCE, and Red Pot is definitely on my TOP 5 favorite AYCE places in Las Vegas because: 1) they have seafood, 2) they have sliced meat, 3) they have veggie, 4) they have soup, and 5) WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED IN LIFE?!Food: you start off with choosing two broths that are set up ying-yang style at your table. I highly recommend the sour tomato because it's flavorful enough to eat with your food and drink with your noodles, yet not overpowering. We also got the  Mongolian herbal broth but that was way too plain, it tasted like water soaked in some of the basic veggies from the fridge. Red Pot offers a vast variety of seafood (from clams to fish balls), pork/lamb shoulder/beef/chicken slices in the freezer, and vegetables (from bamboo to bok choy). Plus, two counters worth of sauces to mix a concoction to your taste. Price: my parents and I were so impressed with how cheap it was because we definitely ate our money's worth and more. It's $22 per person for lunch and 10% off for checking in Yelp. Dinner is $35 per person and 15% off discount with Yelp. If you think AYCE sushi or kbbq is great, TRY HOT POT! Service: the service was mediocre. I had to ask for my drink to be refilled twice, and they never check on us; keep in mind, only four other tables were occupied besides us and my group came right at 11 AM. Luckily, the food in the fridges/freezers were always stocked, and everything seemed clean and not cluttered --so that's a plus!Overall: HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Now that the weather is getting colder, hot pot is the best way to enjoy a meal with family and friends. It's affordable, delicious, and a fun hands-on lunch or dinner experience. I'm taking 1 star away because some of their items were super frozen and not the freshest, and their soup choices are disappointing.
I've never experience fast and efficient oil change with great customer service until I came here. A "15 minute oil change" is exactly what you get, and the best part is you get to stay in your car while they do it. I purchased a Groupon deal for a synthetic oil change, but you always get a coupon for a few dollars off your next oil change and car wash. Thank you for making oil changes so easy and convenient!
I finally got the motivation to start going to the gym, but of course I needed to pick up some supplements.Products: AMAZING. They have everything from protein to supplements, and offer them in a variety of different flavors. I've never been to a nutrition store with this much stuff and for such a great price. Trust me, when they have the word discount in their name, it's no joke. Best price in Vegas for sure! Service: I was overwhelmed at first because I had no clue what I needed to buy, but thankfully BJ was there. He recommended me to get BCAAs, protein, and L-carnitine. I got the AllMax BCAAs in keylime cherry, Now Sports l-carnitine citrus flavor, and AllMax protein chocolate flavor. BJ was nice enough to explain each product and recommend awesome flavors. I definitely recommend the keylime flavor, it's not too powdery or fake tasting. Overall: great products and even greater service. Go to BJ for all your nutritional needs!
I really wanted to like this place, but it was just disappointing in both the egglet and boba aspects, which is why I took off two stars. Here's my breakdown:Boba: the drinks were mehhh. They have a wide variety of milk teas, slushies, sea salt lattes, iced healthy drinks, flavored teas, and soda drinks. However, my rose green milk tea and original milk were TERRIBLE. Even though I watched them pour the powder mixture together, I was hoping for it to taste somewhat decent. Unfortunately, it tastes like how its made... straight up powdered milk tea. I couldn't taste the rose or the green tea, and although my sister's original milk tea had a strong black tea taste, it was still OVERLY sweet and sugary. In addition, the boba is what makes and breaks my return of this place. We came in around 11:30 AM and the boba were HARD and stale. I think they either used the same boba from the day before or rushed and didn't let the boba cook longer. Something about it was wrong and neither of us could finish our drinks. Egglet desserts: DISSAPOINTING. It may be a good instagram or snapchat worthy photo, but the taste of the egglet is not "Hong Kong" style. I've visited Hong Kong multiple times because that is where my mom is from and Itea's  egglet is nothing close to the right taste or texture. Egglets aka egg puffs are suppose to be hot and crunchy on the outside, and inside is chewy. Itea's egglets tastes like SOGGY, day old waffles. No offense. I had high expectations for this item in particular and it was a let down. The flavor itself was bland but I can give them credit for making the presentation really cute. Service & atmosphere: The cashier was really nice and patient as we looked through the entire menu. The male worker who made our drinks was fast and did a good job of hand shaking our drinks (like he used his entire body and both hands to really shake our drinks). There is a cute chalk board-like mural that everyone takes pictures with and pillows that make the place "home-y." However, food is what draws people, not how cute the inside may be. I'm always down for a hole-in-the-wall location as long as the food is bomb.Overall: I took off two stars for the disappointing boba milk tea and egglet. They have great potential to be better since it's so close to UNLV, but for now it's an "A-OK" place and I won't be back for awhile.
AYCE sushi is equivalent to the happiest place on earth for me. I can't believe this was my first time here because they have so many appetizer, nigiri, and roll options. I'm seriously so impressed! Sushi: great quality seafood. The fish to rice ratio is fair and not as generous as Sushi Neko, but the quality makes up for it. I tried the salmon, tuna, fresh scallop (A MUST), sweet shrimp, uni, oysters, and eel. Their appetizers are the best I've ever had at an AYCE sushi restaurant. I had ahi poke, shrimp tempura (crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside), and mussels. The mussels were the worse because it wasn't creamy or flavorful enough. Desserts: AMAZING! They have more than your usual ice creams and mochi ice creams, like a variety of creme brles, tiramisu, etc. The green tea creme brle was more like a flavored whip cream in my opinion; I like mine more thick and creamy but still sweet and good nonetheless. Service: Kenny was our server and he was fantastic. It was super busy when we came in, but he still found time to be attentive and catered to us. He made conversation, suggestions when we were hesitant and deciding on what to order, and my favorite items were from his recommendations. Thanks for not judging me when I ordered like 10 items as my first order lol. Overall: Oyshi is on my top 5 AYCE sushi restaurants. I can't complain with great service and quality fish. I'll definitely be back!
MIND BLOWN!I am so impressed with how delicious, fluffy, and chewy their donut are. I bought the cake batter, blueberry cheesecake, Nutella, samoa, Homer's donut, and the red velvet donuts. I came in around 11 AM during their soft opening and there were quite a few good choices left. Unfortunately the strawberry split & Oreo one was sold out  but that's okay because what I got was tasty! Donut Bar compared to other donut shops around town is their HUGE donuts ($4 each), and unique ones like the Oreo inside the donut, the pop tart inside the donut, and hopefully the donut cones soon (well that's what they advertised on their Instagram). The dough is exceptionally chewy, moist, the toppings are even & proportionate, and most importantly the frosting isn't overly sweet. I definitely recommend this place, just come early so you have more options!
If y'all know me I am a huge seafood lover, and this is a long, over due review lol. FOOD: On point every time. First, I cannot stress enough on how fresh their crawfish is and how consistently tender the meat is. I've also had their mussels, clams, crab legs, and shrimp and they were all consistently juicy, tender, and delicious. I never have to worry about whether the seafood item I want is in season or not because I trust that they serve the freshest ingredients every time. Next, the sauce and spice level! For seasoning, you can choose from: Louisiana, juicy cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper, and hot n juicy; for spice level, you can choose from: baby spice, mild, medium, spicy, and extra spicy. I recommend ordering the crawfish, shrimp, and mussels by the pound with either the hot n juicy or garlic butter sauce at mild level, white rice, and sweet potato or cajun fries. SERVICE: I prefer this Hot n' Juicy location over the others because it's the cleanest and conveniently located next to Bambu. All the servers are usually friendly, but I have to give a shout out to Max K. He is always attentive, friendly, and personable. I generally know what I want to order, but he makes the extra effort to suggest other items without pressuring me; tip: the oysters are large and juicy, so I highly recommend that if you're into raw oysters. If you're a new customer or returning customer, and got Max as your server, just know that you're in good hands and will receive a fantastic dining experience!OVERALL: I highly recommend this place if you're down for a messy and juicy experience. Buying seafood buy the pound, getting your fingers dirty, wearing a bib, and drinking an ice cold beer is the best way to enjoy a family style meal if you ask me.
Out of all the sandwich shops in the world, my heart belongs to Jimmy John's. Their sandwiches are out of this world delicious, and they live up to their name "gourmet sandwiches."Food: I always get the #9 Italian Night Club with light mayo, add sprouts & cucumbers. I swear by this and have converted all my friends to love this item from Jimmy John's. It has real genoa salami, Italian capicola, smoked ham, and provolone cheese topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onion, mayo, and their homemade Italian vinaigrette. Their bread is what makes this sandwich come to life, and what makes them different from any other sandwich shop. It may not be whole wheat or have cheese on top or anything fancy, but once you try their bread, you will understand. The bread is stiff enough to hold the ingredients without it becoming soggy or fall apart, yet soft enough to not overwork your jaw when eating. Each sandwich on their menu is perfectly paired with the right ingredients and they are so generous with their meats to cheese to bread ratio. Trust me, I can eat like a pig, yet still have left overs for later. In addition, if you ever have a problem with the pairing, just ask them to switch ingredients, add extra of whatever you want, or make it super plain Jane. Service: this location is amazing. All their staff members are friendly, it's always clean, and they really are freaky fast with getting my order. I never had a problem with my sandwich and it is consistency fresh & tasty. Jimmy John's is great for breakfast, lunch, mid-day snack, dinner, basically anytime of the day. Add their amazing chips, cooked in peanut oil, or cookies to make it the best gourmet meal ever!
I thought I'll give this place a try, despite all the bad reviews but boy was I wrong. I got a gel manicure and pedicure for cheap because I received a coupon in the mail (29.99 for mani/pedi and 7.99 for gel add on) BUT IT WAS NOT WORTH IT! I walked in and it was not busy but the receptionist seemed very annoyed, maybe it was a bad day. However attitude wasn't the problem, it was the terrible customer service. I sat in the pedicure chair for 15-20 minutes, and after the water got cold was when the lady started my pedicure. My toe nails were done sloppy, and when I got a new person to do my hands they also did my nails sloppy. I question if they were trained from a professional facility, or just got hired without proper training.
I've only been here for smog checks and it doesn't get better than USA Auto Service. Seriously, the staff are quick, friendly, and get the job done for $7.77 with a Yelp check in.
We all probably came here for the light bulb-shaped bottles, but Mr. Tea actually has delicious milk tea! Boba shops have been popping up left and right in Las Vegas, but surprisingly I found Mr. Tea to have the most potential. First, they advocate #fightpowder by making fresh mango, taro, and strawberry syrups daily, which not many places do. Second, they are appealing to the public with their unique light bulb-shaped bottles and their obsession with matcha lattes. 2016 was definitely the year of super foods and all things matcha. Mr. Tea is smart to feature matcha lattes but with a twist --including strawberry (homemade syrup) matcha latte, banana matcha latte, coffee matcha latte, and etc.DRINKS: I purchased the jasmine green milk tea with boba and matcha latte with grass jelly; $6.69 each in the light bulb-shaped bottles. The jasmine milk tea was better than your average because I was able to taste the premium green tea leaves. The sugar level was perfect, not too sweet but not too bitter either. I actually prefer my drink to have a stronger tea flavor, so if you're like me then ask them to put less milk. Also get light ice because they went hard with filling it up with ice; I'm usually a slow drinker, so you would expect my ice to melt, but actually a good amount of ice was left over. The matcha latte was my favorite because of how strong the matcha flavor was, or maybe they just put a big scoop (not sure to be honest). Regardless, it tastes like your average matcha latte but with a more bitter taste, which I dig. My only compliant is how hard their boba is. I was very disappointed because their drinks are delicious but I had to really work my jaw to chew the boba. SERVICE: Everyone was very friendly and attentive. I'm guessing they are still training since not all the staff were knowledgable with making the drinks yet. One female had to repeat the drink instructions like 3 times before my drink came out. It came out yummy so I'm not mad LOL. ATMOSPHERE: A very earthy and calm environment. They decorated the shop with everything green --green walls, green fake plants-- and wooden chairs & tables. I love this because it's so inviting and chill. OVERALL: I'll definitely be back to try their split-cup drinks, the fairy grass dessert (it has sweet potato, red beans, green beans, taro, and grass jelly I think), and the strawberry matcha latte.
This is where the old Arby's use to be. They have a variety of food and desserts from DQ and Grill & Chill. DQ: Classic treats like sundaes, banana splits, and cones. Blizzards, desserts a la mode, frappes, shakes, and malts. They also have Orange Julius smoothies.Grill & Chill: hot sandwiches, chicken strips, salads, $5 lunch specials (11 am to 4 pm), hot dogs, burgers, and a kids meal. I only got the desserts and they tasted fine. I came in during a slow day so they were really quick with my order. Nothing to complain. I'll definitely be back to try the burger & fries menu.
My first microdermabrasion treatment with Francesca was amazing! I purchased a one time treatment through Groupon for $16 because I was hesitant about how it will feel on my sensitive skin, but it wasn't painful and I saw results the next day! I have cleared up most of my acne but now left with scarring and dark spots. Microdermabrasion is suppose to "scratch and break" your skin, so it can regenerate faster and better, thus leaving your skin clearer. The only downfall is the price, but if you purchase the hydration facial package and do microderm add-ons it's worth it. I can't wait to start my next treatment so I can be make-up free this summer!
TACOSI am not sure what the hype is about because it's definitely A-OK. I ordered a rotisserie taco and slow cooked & smoked pork taco; both had cilantro, onions, mild salsa, and some sorta of cheese. The meat itself are flavorless, dry, and drenched in juices that made the tortilla super soggy and fall apart. The only pro was that they were generous with the amount of meat so I was full with 2 tacos.SERVICEIt was empty on a Saturday afternoon, so I didn't have to wait to order. The same girl who took and made my order also checked me out at the register. She was nice, made suggestions, and tried to engage in a convo so I appreciate it.AMBIANCEVery modern, plenty of seatings, and wood themed. OVERALLI probably won't return because the tacos are not as flavorful compared to other places, and are somewhat overpriced.
I grew up eating Vietnamese food, so I can taste the difference between good and bad bun bo hue.The main reasons why I gave this place a one star was because: 1. The service was terrible. I was not greeted at the door or at the table until I got someone's attention 10 minutes later. Yes I did sit myself because I thought that was the norm, and yes I came in during business hours. Maybe they were playing hide-and-go seek with me. Who knows. 2. Perhaps they were trying to be hip, but the room was really dark... The only bright light came from the kitchen. 3. All the items on the menu were quite pricey compared to the Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown 4. I ordered the bun bo hue and received a few pieces of meat, noodle, soup, and bean sprouts. Keep in mind that bun bo hue should have banana root/blossom or at least red cabbage on the side, beef shank, pig's feet and pig's blood cubes inside the the soup.You are better off making 10 cent ramen at home. If you want good Vietnamese food, go to Chinatown.
They are ALWAYS busy and there is at least 6 cars in drive-thru no matter what time of day it is, but it's worth the wait! Indeed, their menu is limited but the burgers are really good. The beef patty is thick and juicy, the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh and never limp, and the In-and-Out sauce completes the meal. Keep in mind that you can personalize your burger, like protein style (wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun) or animal style (extra spread with grilled onions on top).I always get a double double with cheese and animal style fries.
DRINKS: Sunrise Coffee serves traditional espresso drinks (latte, cappuccino, americano, etc.) and teas. What makes them different is the quality of their coffee beans and flavor options. For lattes, my favorite syrups are the creme brle, orange mocha, and truffle berry with either rice milk or almond milk. For herbal teas, I like the south pacific iced because it's fruity and perfect for the summer! FOOD: Vegan and gluten free options are available! Sunrise Coffee serves fresh pastries every morning (muffins, scones, croissant, and cookies). Their muffins are huge and my favorites are the banana nut muffin and strawberry lemon muffin. Lastly, they have a great breakfast/lunch menu --I recommend the alien burrito because of the tomato basil tortilla and unique mixture of couscous, hummus, and various vegetables. OVERALL: Aesthetically pleasing decor with both indoor and outdoor seating. It's generally 2/3 packed (with people) inside, but there is never a line when I go in so that's a plus.
Skaught is a hair genius, king of balayage, has the perfect eye for cut & color, and the list goes on. I've been loyal to this salon for about 3-4 years now, and I swear to you that there's no other salon better than Josephine Skaught. I came to him with terrible ombre hair with super dead, bleached ends, and no idea on what I wanted to do with my hair next. He transferred my hair into a beautiful caramel balayage, and over the years I went more blonde, then more chestnut/red in the fall, and recently chopped it all off to my shoulder. Now I am back to going for a more blonde balayage and my hair has never looked better. Even if I color my hair often, I keep up with my hair trims every few months and never have a problem with split ends or dry hair. My color never gets brassy and my hair fades perfectly to the color I want. Josephine Skaught specializes in all things bumble to bumble, and has a wall of products for you to purchase too. The salon itself is on the pricer side, but you pay for quality work, and I believe it's worth the price. The atmosphere is so rad. They always change their artwork in the back, have a movie playing as you get your hair washed (Skaught's assistant gives the best head massages & best blow outs), super awesome music, and a cool waiting area. As soon as you walk in, Lucus offers you water, tea, and coffee, and helps make this whole experience so amazing. They have other services too and everyone there is very friendly, I highly recommend this place!
They have improved a lot since the last time I came here. First, their boba is consistently hot and chewy (this was my biggest complaint last time). Second, their milk teas have a distinct, strong tea flavor (similar to Brew Tea) and not powdery or too milky. Third, they give you the option to pick black tea or green tea when ordering flavored milk teas, like taro for example, for people who have a preference (mine is usually green tea). Overall, I am very impressed with the quality of tea, the new food items like pork rice and curry rice, and most importantly I appreciate their 32 oz large cup.
Outback Steakhouse has really good steak and appetizers but for some reason the food at this location doesn't taste the same as other Outbacks; the portions seem small, and the food doesn't taste as fresh or come out hot. I came here twice and both times the Bloomin' Onion was too soggy and salty. I honestly prefer the West Sahara location over this one.  During multiple occasions, they say "It seems like you need a few more minutes, I will be right back." Maybe they were all trained to say that, but I personally like when servers recommend food and tell me what is the most popular at least.
AWESOME SERVICE with GREAT PRICES!I bought the basic interior & exterior service and that took a total of 45 minutes. You buy the service you want toward the back, park your car in neutral, and the process begins. At first you think you are doing a drive through car wash, but no equipment touches your cars because the water & soap from up top and the people with their rags (they color code their rags to each part of the car). Afterwards, a worker will drive your car to a shaded section where the magic happens. They wipe it dry top to bottom, vacuum, and spray every inch of the interior. During this time, you can relax inside where there are computers and AC, or chill outside in patio chairs to wash them clean it. Plus, they give free water bottles and soda while you wait. I am really impressed with how much work they do on the car for $19.99. My only complaint is they didn't get the nooks & crannies, like the storage area on the doors, under the seats, and the storage area between the two front seats. Besides that, they did a great job and I will be back! Note: if you want a car freshener, it's a dollar extra. And you can save $5 off any service if you come in before 10 AM any day of the week.
Marci is seriously the QUEEN of eyebrow threading! Eyebrows "frame" the face and in the beginning I wasn't sure what kind of shape I wanted (if I wanted it thin or thick, straight or have an arch, etc). Marci has a keen eye and knew exactly what would flatter my face. Now my eyebrows are on "fleek" and I have a better sense of direction when I fill them in. The other staff are amazing as well, I get my upper lip threaded and they do it quick/clean. They already know me as a regular, and I am asked if I want coffee or water when I arrive. Overall, their service is amazing, the inside is clean, and they have great designer handbags/products for reasonable prices.
They have the BEST Vietnamese sandwiches in Las Vegas. Hands down.I've been to many Vietnamese restaurants that specialize in banh mi sandwiches, and this restaurant has perfected it. The bread is crunchy/flakey on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside. And they are very generous with the pickled veggies and various meats too. Best of all, they are cheap, only $3.25+tax for any banh mi sandwich and they are located across the street from UNLV. I recommend the classic grilled pork banh mi.
This mom and pops restaurant is delicious. They might not have the greatest service because it is just the two of them and they both do no speak English well, but the food makes up for it. My sister and I came in for lunch and ordered off the lunch special menu. We shared a "Mo deum jeon" which came with one platter of food, 2 side dishes, and two bowls of rice. Also, Mr. Lee brought out two small bowls of a homemade creamy, chicken soup as an appetizer. Everything was very flavorful, authentic, and healthy. If you are craving homemade Korean food, this is the place.
I'm not exactly sure what yunnan food is, but I'm very impressed. Their portions are quite large and everyone at our table had extra to take home. I got the rice noodle in hot and sour soup. It was flavorful with just the perfect amount of spices. It is hard to explain, you'll have to taste it yourself because of how unique it is. My sister got the braised beef noodle soup and she said the broth was also flavorful and not too salty. The beef was tender and melts on your tongue. Both dishes came with a generous amount of vegetables. Their service was amazing, they were attentive, and the food came out fast. No complaints here.
Gen is the perfect Korean BBQ spot for newbies (new to Korean food) because they offer a vast amount of traditional and unique beef cuts, and appetizers besides banchan. Meat: They have a lot of different beef cuts and pork! LIKE A LOT PLUS SEAFOOD. Some of their items include: brisket, beef tongue, different types of marinated premium beef and pork, pork loin, shrimp, chicken, beef chunk flap, calamari, pork belly, and prime steak (top sirloin). My favorites are the beef brisket, beef tongue (trust me, it may seem weird but the texture is just a little chewier and doesn't get dry even if you accidentally over cook it), and prime steak. All my meats were juicy red and never frozen (places like Tofu Hut will give you the beef tongue with icicles on there).Banchan: DISAPPOINTING. It really sucks here and they only have 4 items; cucumber kimchi, cabbage kimchi, a mashed potato-like item, and daikon. They don't have any of the  traditional items like soybean sprouts or pan-fried breaded fish. I guess their appetizers make up for it... They have a handful of items like spicy rice cake, jap chae, garlic chicken, edamame, etc. (No more seaweed salad starting July 2016). I recommend ordering rice paper, it's an off menu item and goes great with your meat (think of it as the tortilla to your beef/pork). Service: It depends. Sometimes their service can be amazing, even on a busy day, but generally they seem understaffed and take forever to get food out. Overall: I am satisfied and can't complain because they do offer a lot. Lunch is $14.95 a person, and dinner is $19.95 (which is cheaper than a lot of places like Hwaro for example). I wish the maroon ice creams were included but they aren't sadly. It's $3.95 each (mango, strawberry, vanilla, and green tea).
It's not as bad as some of the over-exaggerated reviews say they are. You are being compensated for donating plasma, so it makes sense that a lot people come here. I'm giving it three stars because it is dirty and always smell weird.Tip: Just come early in the morning (6 am) and you can be done within 2 hours maximum.
I don't normally write reviews for fast food restaurants, but this location makes the best Classic Buttery Jack!The sandwich features a seasoned 1/4-lb. beef patty topped with melted garlic herb butter, a slice of provolone cheese, creamy tomato sauce, green leaf lettuce, tomato, and a new "signature" bun. Other places make it mediocre but this location always give me a steaming warm bun, juicy hot patty, and just put everything together so well (unlike some places who just slap it together and make it not snapchat/Instagram worthy). Seriously, this new bun is OUT OF THIS WORLD! It's similar to a brioche bun or Bachi Burger Buns.
I've reviewed quite a few coffee shops, and PublicUs comes to mind whenever I am recommending a great coffee shop in Las Vegas. I don't live anywhere near downtown but I will make the 30-40 minute drive for their delicious brunch options, hipster coffee, and earthy decor. FOOD: I've only had their brunch so I can't say much about their dinner items. All their food options are instagram worthy, especially the toasts with the fruits and vegetable mixture on top. I recommend the smashed avo toast, eggs benedict, and smoked salmon toasts. PASTRIES: I have a huge sweet tooth so pastries are always on my mind. They serve a wide variety of scones, muffins, croissants, etc. and it's always different. I've tried the blueberry cream cheese scone (super soft and moist), strawberry brownie cookie (chewyAF but still moist), mixed berry muffin (the best muffin that you will ever eat in your life), and they are ALL DELICIOUS. COFFEE/DRINKS: They serve the traditional expresso drinks (latte, americano, cappuccino, etc.), iced coffee, iced tea, hot tea, and specials (like sodas). I am in love with their old fashioned coffee, macadamia nut latte, and lemon lime green tea. FYI, the baristas are always on point with their latte art --very impressive. AMBIANCE: They have wooden table tops/chairs, a big tree in the middle of the room, and an overall earthy vibe that is refreshing. I love the large windows, spacious seating, and appreciate the small knick knack toys everywhere. OVERALL: If you're looking for a perfect spot to relax, enjoy delicious coffee, and eat a hipster brunch, then this is your go-to cafe.
You can't go wrong with a build your own curry with toppings, rice, and spice level. FOODThe dish consists of rice, curry sauce, and options for different spice levels, proteins, and toppings. Super simple yet so delicious! I always order chicken katsu, croquette, and deep fried shrimps with a level 3 sauce. They also have side dishes, including my favorites: takoyaki, karaage, fried oysters, fried gyoza, and curry udon. OVERALLThe price to portion size is fair, the service is quick (even though there's usually a 10-15 minute wait to be seated), and the Japanese curry sauce is very flavorful.
This location has improved a lot by having a quicker screening (or pre-donation) process and promotion rewards. They have so many promotions like donate six times and earn an extra $10, referrals that help you earn an extra $50 on the second donation, spin-the-wheel and lucky duck drawings to get snacks or money!
Sephora is my favorite store for all things beauty. They have affordable brands, like the Sephora brand and Bite Beauty, to more luxurious brands like Christian Louboutin and La Mer. Why Sephora? Whether you are a newbie to the beauty world or a MUA, Sephora carries everything from skincare to make-up to haircare. All the staff members are knowledgable (some have an expertise in skincare or color), and if not, there's a computer thing in the back where you can scan items and look up the ratings, reviews, etc. I started shopping at Sephora when drug store skincare products and my dermatologist's prescriptions were no longer working. I read great reviews about Murad and Clinique, but a skincare expertise introduced me to Peter Thomas Roth and my acne cleared up. I started getting into make up, and the best part of Sephora is that they provide make up services and classes. You can ask any staff member and they will show you how to contour, how to do a smokey eye, etc. If you ever book a full face make up appointment, I highly recommend Tijana. Lastly, perks of joining a membership include 100 point rewards of mini beauty products and birthday gifts! If you spend enough money (like me because I am so easily convinced), you can move up the membership tier to VIB Rouge. The benefits of VIB Rouge range from free full face make up services to VIB Rouge Private Shopping Events. Why this location? I love this location the best because they carry more brands than other Sephora locations in Las Vegas. All the staff members are knowledgable, and if not they will direct you to another person right away. I feel like other stores are either too busy or understaffed because I am aways chasing someone to help me. Although driving to the strip may seem like a hassle, the self-parking at the Palazzo is free.
This restaurant offers the tastiest and most authentic Vietnamese food in Las Vegas. I grew up eating Vietnamese food everyday and this place reminds me of home. They offer a variety of noodle, rice, spring rolls, salads, hotpot dishes and more. Plus I am a sucker for mom and pops restaurants, and the owner is very nice. Food: More than your usual Vietnamese spot. They have hot and sour catfish soup and clay pot dishes, which I have never seen at other Vietnamese restaurants. I've been here a few times and ordered to-go as well. I recommend the hot and sour soup with catfish (they also have shrimp if you don't like that fishy taste). It has a perfect combination of tangy, sweet and sour flavors. I also recommend the bun bo hue and bun rieu. Both were very delicious, true to their traditional ingredients/flavors, and just an interesting alternative to your usual pho noodle soups. Service: It is still new so every time I've went there were only 1-2 other tables. It's a mom and pops type restaurant, so the same man takes care of us every time. He is friendly, efficient, on top with refilling water, and checked on our table several times. The decor has a true Vietnamese vibe with the magenta walls, bamboo decorations, and they play Vietnamese music/shows on the big screen TV by the cashier. Overall: I've been choosing this place over the many Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown so that says something. My only complaint is that they are limited with desserts but that's okay because I need to lose weight anyway.
First off, they have really bad customer service. I came here twice, and both times I was not greeted and the staff did not bother to make any sort of conversation with me. I came in on a slow day, and a simple, "Hi how's your day" would not kill you.Second, they seem to be understaffed (only one worker all day) and it is surprising since they are located in a busy business complex right off the freeway. So if the person before you ordered 4 drinks, prepare to wait awhile. Third, the staff seem very inexperienced and have no knowledge on supplements or the different smoothies on the menu. On a brighter note, the prices are decent. I paid $6.22 for a 32 ounce.
Maybe I am a little bias because they are from Hawaii, but the food here is so ono. This is a mom and pops restaurant and they have a wide range of Thai food, some with Hawaiian fusion. My favorite dishes are the papaya salad and pad thai with shrimp. If you check in or come during lunchtime you can get a free thai tea. The price is fair and the food is delicious. I can't complain. The best part is the complementary tapioca dessert. Mmmmhhhh so sweet and flavorful.
My entire screen was shattered. Shattered to the point that every time I try to swipe it, pieces of glass would fall off. At first I was hesitant about Desert Wireless because of the neighborhood, but I couldn't resist after reading all the great Yelp reviews. I compared Desert Wireless to other mobile phone repair places, and Desert Wireless had more reviews/better ratings which convinced me that I had to get my iPhone fixed here. There was a voucher redeemable for $55 and a free case if I checked in. In addition, their hours are great (from 9 or 10 AM to 7 PM) and they responded to my question regarding prices through text out of BUSINESS HOURS.Desert Wireless is on the second floor in a business complex building, on the Northeast corner, and it was easy for me to distinguish their store because they have many signs on their window. I definitely recommend this to everyone! Desert Wireless has great customer service and gives the best deals in town!THIS IS TRULY AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
Bluefin is one my top ten sushi spots in Las Vegas. Although their AYCE menu isn't as good as other places in Chinatown, they are conveniently located near my school in Henderson so I can't complain. I love how their sushi is really fresh and thick. Although the rice to sushi ratio isn't the best (because let's be real, we all prefer more fish and less rice) the quality of fish is worth it.Plus, they have an affordable lunch special menu that include a miso soup and chef salad with all the dishes. I always order the Sashimi Special Combo for 15.95. It is a 10 piece sashimi dish that includes: tuna, yellowtail, salmon, shrimp, white fish, miso soup, and house salad.
It's as good as it gets for authentic Mexican tacos. I prefer this place over other Mexican restaurants because they have big, juicy, and flavorful meats for their tacos. This location compared to their other ones is much cleaner too. In addition, they have a variety of meats, from beef tongue to steak, and the "turning meat." Although they don't have any lunch specials or happy hours, $2 is a good deal. If you're craving for a "street taco" type taste and feel, come here!
They are always understaffed. It is frustrating because this location is really busy and no one is available to answer questions. The staff members seem annoyed/confused and because of that I never feel comfortable bringing my dogs in. I only go to this location because they have a Banfield Pet Hospital and it is convenient. Besides that, I go to the Decatur & Charleston location to buy stuff for my two pitbulls.
Feast Buffet is one of the few cheap buffets in Las Vegas that's actually good! FOOD: The overall quality of the food is decent. You get what you are paying for (regular price $19.99, player's card price $14.99). The buffet covers 9 different cuisines: Sushi and shrimp, American (mashed potatoes, meatloaf, fried chicken, etc.), BBQ, Italian (pizza & pasta), Mexican (tacos), Asian (the basic Chinese dishes, curry, tom yum soup, etc.), Farmer's market (salad bar, soup, and breads), and International (veggie burgers, humus, falafel), and a small dessert section. It's better than your average Station casino buffet and I do appreciate the variety. For example they offer tom yum soup in additional to the usual egg drop soup, and Indian curry in the Asian section. The only downfall would be the dessert section. Literally there were only 8 different desserts (various cupcakes, carrot cake, cookies, and sponge cakes), 4 sugar-free cakes, ice cream, and a peach cobbler/bread pudding section. I wasn't impressed at all and majority of them were on the dryer side. OVERALL: When I'm tired of AYCE sushi and KBBQ I would come here to satisfy my AYCE cravings.
I can't believe I just found this gem! I ordered the bun bo hue, beef pho, and a chicken pate chaud. All of their food items were flavorful, and had the perfect amount of noodle to meat to soup ratio. I'm very picky with my bun bo hue, and for the first time I could taste the lemon grass flavor. Hands down, this place makes the best bun bo hue in Las Vegas! On the other hand, the beef pho was basic and tasted like any other Vietnamese restaurant's pho. Nothing too special to rave about but still good nonetheless. What makes this place so unique is the bakery part of the restaurant. There was only a few pastries left, so I went with the chicken pate chaud and fell in love! It was a perfect combination of savory, flakey, and chewy goodness.Can't wait to come back to try the other noodle soups and pastries!
I ordered the $11.99 special (unlimited breadsticks and salad/soup with a choice of pasta as the main course) and it was truly disappointing. Maybe I came on a bad day, but my pasta was very bland and flavorless. The server only came by twice to check on us, and overall I felt rushed even though it was not busy. Note: when they say unlimited breadsticks/salads/soups, they will only give you 2 breadsticks and a small soup/salad at a time... My friend and I waited almost 50 minutes for our food, so of course we would be asking for breadsticks and salads every 10 minutes. Our server looked at us like we were crazy every time we asked for more of the unlimited appetizers. I looked around and other tables received bad service too, one couple even got up and waked away.
Hands down, best KBBQ place in Las Vegas. PROSHwaro has side dishes, appepitzers, and quality meat. For the side dishes, I appreciate how they offer more than your basic kimchi and fish cake; my favorites are the rice paper, pa muchim (scallion salad), and picked radish. For appetizers, they have interesting stuff like cheese fondue to dip your various meats in, bulgogi nachos, bean paste soup, steamed egg, and shake shake rice. Most importantly, they serve quality (I repeat QUALITY) meat for an AYCE place. I recommend the beef tongue (don't hate it until you try it), short ribs, brisket, red wine pork belly, and enoki beef. Also, they give you green tea ice cream or affogato style vanilla ice cream for dessert. CONSThe service is hit or miss. They are always busy and the servers are usually quick, refill your water before it's empty, all that other good stuff, but there have been times where I question if my server have forgotten about our table. OVERALLYou can't be mad about delicious, AYCE, family style kbbq with cute korean decor/atmosphere. I come here at least once a month, and more when I have an excuse to celebrate something lol.
My parents and I ordered the Chef's special ramen, curry ramen, and miso ramen. Out of the 3, I like the curry ramen the best. It was the most flavorful and had the best spices in the soup. The noodle to soup ratio was perfect, but I wish there was more substance - whether it be more vegetables or more meat. Something about the meal felt missing. Aside from that, the service was quick and we got our food within 10 minutes. The prices are decent, about $8 and up per bowl. Personally, there are better ramen places in town like Monta Ramen or Ramen Sora that have a more milky, unique tasting broth.
The fish to rice ratio is amazing! You can't get any better than this in Las Vegas.Everything tastes so fresh and their menu is huge. I love how unique everything is, like they have Hawaiian kalbi steak and ocean trout. The prices are $20.95 for lunch (open to 4 pm) and $25.95 for dinner (4 pm to close). The dessert items include the basic mochi ice cream & regular ice cream, in addition to green tea panna cotta, coffee blanc manger, mini honey toast, and tiramisu! My favorite things are the no rice items (sashimi roll & seafood salad), oyster, uni, tuna, and salmon.
I don't normally come to a mall to enjoy good food, but the Fashion Show Mall finally has quality food in their food court! Every mall has a Panda Express as their "ethnic" food, but for once another culture is represented. My friend usually orders my Indian food for me, but since I was alone I didn't know what to order. Monica was really nice and let me try 3 of their top curry sauces. I ended up ordering the palak paneer because it was the lightest in taste; it wasn't too spicy but has the perfect amount of flavor. Palak paneer is a vegetarian Indian dish consisting of spinach, tomato gravy sauce and paneer in a thick paste made from pured spinach and seasoned with garlic, garam masala, and other spices. My dish came with firm tofu pieces, rice, and a HUGE naan. Overall: the food was delicious, the portion was fair and worth the $11.99, and the customer service was great!
I was super stoked when I heard about Chubby Cattle because 1) I love hotpot and 2) I love conveyor belts (come on, we are already cooking our own food, who is trying to do cardio walking up and down to the fridge while eating?! Am I right? Lol) Food: Chubby Cattle has a big menu with beautiful platted seafood and meat options. They also have noodles, vegetables, mushrooms, etc. on their menu. Their conveyor belt is also very impressive and I saw taro pieces to seafood to various greens. My brother and I ordered the tomato and seafood broth, and honestly I found them both very bland and flavorless. The seafood was very watered down and tasted like the seasoning from ramen packets (I read from other reviews that the mushroom and house special broths were also bland). The tomato broth was much better and probably the only broth I'll consider ordering if I come back. We also ordered the seafood platter, beef brisket (because my fave beef tongue was sold out), and vegetable noodles. The seafood consisted of muscles, scallops, shrimps, clams, and octopuses. Both the seafood and brisket dish were very fresh and did not seem frozen beforehand. Service: Mathew was our server and he was amazing. He answered all our questions, made suggestions, refilled our waters twice without us asking, cleaned up our table as soon as one of our plates were empty, and got our ice creams quickly. While all the servers seem stressed and all over the place, I found that our server kept his cool and smiled whenever he passed by. Thank you Mathew!Overall: I'll definitely come back because the prices of the conveyor belt items were fair (ranging from .99 cents and up), the meat and seafood platters were great quality, and it was just a great experience to enjoy with family and friends. Hopefully they add more soup options or at least perfect their other ones because it sucks when the soup bases are so bland.
There are many juice bars popping up in Las Vegas, but I always find myself coming back to Bowlology. They are consistent with their acai texture and flavor, the fruits are always fresh, and the employees are friendly and knowledgable. I usually get the Berry Good because I like the classic strawberry, blueberry, granola and honey toppings. Sometimes I spice it up and order the Chocolate Dream or Bear Bowl for the added protein and peanut butter flavor. In addition, they also have many other items like pitaya bowls, poke bowls, smoothies, fresh squeezed juices, coffee, and salads. If you're trying to eat healthier and incorporate more fruits & veggies in your diet, I highly recommend this place!
I've never tasted and experience such unique pasta options in my life! I am impressed with how many types of noodle they offer, the various sauces, and the overall menu selection. For noodles, they have the basic spaghetti and fettuccine, as well as interesting ones like butternut squash and spinach ravioli. For the sauces, they have red, pink, green, creamy white, and seafood. Plus specialities pastas, a kids menu, and desserts! Best of all, they have a lunch special for $9.95 that includes a noodle and sauce of your choice, a drink, and garlic bread. Dine in or take out. You must try the fettuccine with the basil pesto creamy sauce.
I love how refreshing, sweet, and affordable their juices are. I'm a huge pressed juice fanatic, but it can get pricey. This place offers various juices from cantaloupe, guava, cucumber lime to strawberry milk & horchata! I sampled a bunch and they on the sweeter side but it wasn't too over powering. The cucumber lime was surprisingly really good and tasted like a healthy lemonade. I love my tropical fruits so I went with guava, but I wish there was less seeds in there. $4.75 for a small and $5.00 for a large.
DRINKSSurprisingly better than I anticipated, and they are easily in my top 5 boba shops that I'll visit in the Chinatown area. I ordered a taro milk tea with rainbow jelly, and green milk tea with grass jelly, both with 75% sweetness. I personally enjoy the bitterness and strong tea flavor, so I always go for 75% sweet but I could see why the other reviews mention it being "too sweet." The taro is a basic milk tea mixture, nothing fresh about it like how Brew Tea or Mr. Tea makes it. However, the green milk tea actually has a strong tea flavor similar to Brew Tea, and that is where a lot of other boba shops lacks. As for toppings, I've only tried the grass jelly, rainbow jelly, and clear boba; they were all very good. I have yet to try their boba because I am very picky and need it to be super chewy. SERVICEIt's in a quiet shopping center and the few times that I've been there, I never had to wait to order. The employees are generally nice and quick with making the drinks. You pick up your drink at the same counter that you order your drinks. The only awkward thing is that the menu is on the front counter, so you have to walk up to the front to see the options. AMBIANCEIt is very bright, open, and simple. They have wooden tables and seats with a green fake plant on each table. There are also black and white cutesy paintings on the walls. OVERALLThis is your average boba shop but with better flavor milk teas. I'm excited to go back and try the other milk tea flavors and toppings.
I came here because of the Butterfly Pea Drink (the purple, maroon, yellow colorful drink) that everyone has been posting on social media, but ended up ordering a taro milk tea with fruit jelly and green milk with honey boba. The quality is decent, very comparable to any other boba shop in China town. The taro milk tea has a powdery texture from using real taros, thus giving it a true taro flavor. The green milk tea was not as watered down like many other places, so I appreciate the true tea flavor, but it's still not as strong as Brew Tea. The most disappointing thing was the honey boba. It was hard and had a weird texture, so I recommend other toppings.QQ Tea Plus is located in a quiet shopping center, so it's easy to find parking and it's not too busy inside. My drinks came out quick and the staff were friendly. As for the atmosphere, I like the matching wood wall and floor, the brown granite tables, and the overall earthy vibe. I can definitely see people coming in to study because the area is bright and the music is quiet enough. FYI: they have lightbulb cups for $1 extra, waffles and ice cream (currently not on the menu), a coaster thing that lights up so you can take pictures of your starry night drinks, and stamp cards.
There is no wow factor to this place. Yes there are many healthy options, but I don't think the presentation, taste, and overall price was worth it. I ordered the wellness drink and chopped salad (total: $20.00). With such simple ingredients, I didn't think they could screw up the taste, but they did. Probably won't return, sorry. There are many other options in Las Vegas like SkinnyFats, Grass Roots Juice Bar, and JuiceNGo that have similar options and taste better.
I wasn't too impressed by CRAFTkitchen. The food was definitely very unique and delicious. I ordered the smoked salmon on the pretzel roll and was surprised with how much salmon it came with. I thought my dish was worth the price, however, my friends ordered avocado on toast and chicken & waffles, and their portions were really small. They had 3 desserts on the menu. The apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream seemed the most appetizing, but the service took too long so we didn't order it. They also have various baked goods and desserts near the front register, but again they are on the pricer side. Overall, the food was great and the presentation was beautiful,  but they can work on their service. We waited almost 25 minutes for our check and our server didn't bother to ask us about dessert.
OBSESSED. Las Vegas has a handful of hot pot restaurants, and Pot Tea Social is definitely on my top three. Food: they have a total of 11 different pots, ranging from rib eye beef to lobster and even a veggie delight pot to cater to the vegans/vegetarians. All their pots all filled with a delicious broth, various meats, various vegetables, and an option for steamed rice, minced pork or vermicelli on the side. If it's your first time, I highly recommend the rib eye beef pot with minced pork rice. That pot has a ton of stuff, like fish cake, tomatoes, cuttlefish ball, corn, quail egg, squid, etc. Don't be scared, all the flavors do go well together and it's literally the perfect meal for the fall/winter season. The meat to soup ratio is great, I was able to eat a spoonful of food with my soup, without having an uneven balance of soup or meat/veggie at the end. The minced pork is very unique because it's not too heavy but still juicy enough to eat with the ingredients in your soup. They also have appetizers like sweet potato fries, chicken wings, popcorn chicken, and deep fried stinky tofu. All around, it is a great fusion of Asian and American food. Service: I've been here for both lunch and dinner, and both times they were slow. The service is average and I can't say they are too personable because it depends on your server that day. They are quick with getting the food out and checking on you at least one to either refill your water or to turn off the fire. I have nothing to complain because they were nice and the restaurant is very clean. Overall: I took off a star because some of their broths could use more seasoning. I've only tried the rib eye beef pot, seafood & tofu pot, and Japanese miso pot. My friends and family have tried the others and they can be rather bland. All the pots are $11.99 each with exception of the lobster pot that is $19.99. It's on the pricer side in my opinion because the vegetables used are cheap and there are not enough meat in the pot to justify for $11.99. I recommend to try this place if you're new to eating hot pot or just want a small meal (and spend $7 more at an AYCE hot pot place for a real hot pot experience).
Good quality, but the cloths are made in China. For the money they charge they could employ Americans to make there workware, Come on! So I will continue to buy Filson and Carhartts tell they start making cloths here.
Wouldn't have known about it if it wasn't for Yelp. Believe the hype. This place kicks serious butt. I'd drive hours out of my way to eat here again. The skirt steak is to die for the homemade sauces are ridiculous.
Very little seating although an ok atmosphere. Sat for at least 30 minutes before a waitress even came and checked in. After we placed our order, at least 45 minutes before we got our meals (which I had to ask what the status of them was while once again no one was to be found). Food was good, nothing great.
Never by extended service contracts here.   The service dept always seems surprised I have already prepaid for portions of regular service.   They are clueless as to the coverage and have to look it up.  It seems to be a bother for them. So disappointed in them.  If I weren't on top of it they would over charge me every time.   It's a scam!
We have been coming here nearly every month for years and after tonight I will never be back.  Ran out of fish a little after 6pm (the third time this summer) and that was after we sat without silverware for 20 minutes as our food got cold.  Why?  Because there wasn't any clean silverware.  And once clean silverware came out no one brought us any.  I had to go get it for my table ourselves.   And when I chatted with the manager he confirmed they always plan to run out of fish and he was unaware of the silverware debacle.  Epic fail!  So sad I have to scratch what has been one of my favorites off my list.
Terrible service.  45 minutes for a drink!  Our friend's appetizer didn't show up?  Well the unhappy server blamed the table across the way for eating other people's food.  Ummmm we are all together including that table.  We didn't move from our seats and HOW would they get other people's food?  Saw a tip on yelp this location is closing.  Good idea!
This place is gross. First, I got a spicy tempura roll that was chicken (instead of tuna).  I mean, really? Chicken?Second, the sushi was warm.Third, the roll that was made to replace the chicken had an eyelash in the container. And it wasn't mine.Negative one star.  Sorry to be so harsh, but it's better that you know.
Underwhelmed.  Went here a little while back with a friend visiting from out of town.  Our overall impression?  Non-memorable food, and mildly tacky decor led to a "meh" type experience.We started with the chips and mango salsa.  This was pretty good; their chips are made in-house and were tasty.  My friend enjoyed the salsa more than I did, which could be because I didn't expect the mango-tomatillo to be quite so sweet.  Could definitely appreciate their fresh ingredients.Sangria was super-sour.  To mitigate this, our server suggested simple syrup, and brought some for us to mix in as we saw fit.  Take this as you may.  On to entrees:  Friend got the jerk pulled pork quesadilla which was soggy and over-stuffed with pork (i.e. the cheese-to-pork ratio was definitely off).  Although she consumed far less than half of it, she had no desire to pack the rest, and left it to soak in its own juices a bit further.I ordered the chicken breast with confit enchiladas.  While the chicken was good, it wasn't anything I'd make a special trip for again.  The confit enchiladas, however, were memorable - in a bad way.  They were over-cooked, tasting like re-microwaved taquitos.  Not even taquitos that were good to begin with, prior to the round 2 reheating.  Yikes.  The outer shell was also quite oily/greasy in appearance and in taste.  In essence, could have done without the enchiladas.The barstools with hanging faux leather palm tree leaves gave my friend the sense that were in a cheap Caribbean hotel's lobby.  Yikes again.Maybe a bit harsh, but Kaya, you just weren't my fav.
Went here on a Tuesday night -- wait staff was a little off.  Could have just been the individual with whom we dealt.  Entrees ordered were okay (in a "meh" sort of way).  Can only speak for burger/sandwich portion.Dessert selection seemed more enticing, except it wasn't upon delivery.  The dessert we ordered was sub-par for all the talk it received (the apple crisp).  But, maybe that's just me.All in all, an average experience.  Maybe I'll try something different off the menu next time?  If there is one?
How many froyo places do you know of where you can go and get a smattering of as many flavors as you wish?  Not a lot.  Razzy's flavor selection can't be beat.  And, as others have commented, they are super-convenient to both the Pitt and CMU campuses - especially for study/work breaks.Fav flavors are french vanilla (doesn't really taste fat-free, but I'll take it), and the taro (tart) flavors.  Agreed that the yogurt consistency can sometimes be a bit on the runny side.  Best to test before committing to a bunch.One other let-down is that some of their toppings are a bit off.  For instance, I don't know how old the peanut butter cup topping that they've used lately is, but it tasted pretty stale, and not so much like peanut butter cups (yikes).  Generally, I avoid non-fruit toppings and stick with the basic froyo.If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would, but let's throw them the benefit of the doubt and just say 4.
So, I'm going to give this place 4 stars based on four key aspects of Harris Grill:Star 1 - outdoor seating; the deck space is amazing, and although the wait for it can be long, it's nice to be able to enjoy fresh air.Star 2 - the menu; not only does it provide entertainment value, but its eclectic choice of fare goes above typical bar foodStar 3 - happy hour specials; are amazing -- maybe I say this because I come from Boston where there are no happy hour drink specialsStar 4 - good mix of people here; from medical residents to hipsters, everyone frequents this place.  at least from what I've seen.  Downsides: waiting for outdoor seating; smokers outside
the cocktails are great. fresh ingredients. can't go wrong with letting the bartender choose your drink or make an off-the-menu concoction inspired by your likes.they've mastered the speakeasy theme; their decor aligns making you feel as if you're sitting in a forgotten library.when last we were there, the bartender shared that GQ had recently featured a cocktail on their menu. i can't remember its name, but it was tasty. definitely a breath of fresh air and provides huge contrast to its upstairs firehouse scene.
Dinner experience here was a little off -- wine bottle was not the year cited on the menu (two years younger) -- very average arctic char in both presentation and taste & runny polenta!This may have been exacerbated by the fact that service was not how it usually is at Eleven!  It was quite busy -- and it was a Friday evening -- but, gosh -- no waiter appearing for 15 minutes?  Desserts were solid and the other two diners in my party seemed to like their meals but weren't over-the-moon.
This food was g-ross.  We got a meatball sub (cold - no sauce, salty, minimal meat -- meatballs sliced in half) that was dry and tasted bad as opposed to the preferable option of tasteless.the Chicken Ranchero was a mess of mushroom, no lettuce, tomato, ranch or bacon.  AND, it had sweet peppers on it.  In short, it was the wrong sub!  Ordered online, so I don't know how they got the wrong order.YIKES -- do not order from here.  This place makes Subway look like a five-star restaurant.  Go there instead -- eat fresh.AND -- we just found out they sent us the wrong sub!  Instead of rectifying it, the manager hung up on us, stating they "didn't have time to deal with it"!  Probably because of all the other wrong orders!!
I just sold my 4br house to Open Door and their offer was fair enough for me to use the proceeds of the sale to pay CASH for one of THEIR homes on a trade.  Wonderful experience.  Entire transaction on both homes completed in 3 weeks!  They even gave me extra time to move out!  Now I can look forward to retirement with NO Mortgage!
Good peppy environment, Pizza is okay. Seems like they skimp on quality of the ingreadents, especially noticeable with the sasuage. Location is convenient prices are reasonable.
Buy a house with Kenny, find someone else to sell your home. They are agressive to sell your home, unfortunately for you they do it by recomending a very attractive (low) price point. It sells fast, comissions are  recieved they move on. When you hire a realtor to work (hard) on your behalf to get you the best price unless the money is not important to you.
Lunch at Los Olivos in Scottsdale. Ordered Carne Asada special - waitress asked how I would like my steak prepared and I asked for med to med well. The steak was presented well done and resembled something closer to dry jerky; flavor ok but was a very dry steak. Good thing I had a glass of water or would not be able to swallow steak. This special came with side salad; ok but I don't like iceberg lettuce. Also had side of rice and refrained beans; both staples for Mexican food and very good! Disappointed.
Food was less than expected based on my friends rave reviews. Disappointed! Pad Thai and Basil Chicken both very dry.
My fianc and I decided to have our groomsman wear a Topshop Cobalt blue textured suit with a black label. We love them! They fit perfect and the best part of the suits is the unique Cobalt color. We are from California and so are all of our groomsman, unfortunately  the Topshop at the Grove did not have all of the groomsman's sizes so we were just able to purchase two at the Groove and drove to Vegas for the rest a couple weeks later. When we arrived we found the suits, tried them on, and processed to purchase the suits. When we arrived to the total the suit were $168 more than the suit at the Groove ($468). Apparently the Groove had the suits on sale the day we purchase them. I wasn't expecting to have to pay over $500 more in total for all 3 suits. I spoke to TAMI the cashier and she help me pull up the old price and honored the price, with an additional 10% off for being a student.  Tami was very patient and willing to help and she did everything to make us feel like valued customer, which is why I decided to write this Yelp review. Thank you again TAMI!!
This place is close to my work and I go at least once a week, not once have I been disappointed. Great customer service and affordable price. Teriyaki chicken with veggies and fried rice is my favorite. Love this place!!
The Walmart of Tile,  The Costco of trim.   A HUGE warehouse of every kind of tile you can imagine, and hundreds of matching trim and mosaic.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I can not say enough good things about this company.  Avoid the snooty "designer stores unless money is no concern of yours.   Bring your own truck and take it home today. (rent a flatbed truck at the Depot for Cheapo)
Being a member of LA Fitness in the same plaza and a long time yoga practioner, I stopped in to get information at Sunmits.I was 'greeted' by a crusty and unfriendly woman who acted like I was an intruder.  She bounced me off to the web 'look it up on line' kind of remark.I guess they don't like men there or something.   Stick to LA Fitness if you are a guy and want to practice yoga in McCormick Ranch.
These people promise a lawyer will call you withing 24 -48 hours.  They took my $40.00, which is unrefundable, and then gave me a phone number and told me to call the lawyer.  That was 4 weeks ago, I have never heard back from anyone.    There advertisement is untrue, except for the 'nonrefundable' part.   I wasted my time and money.  Worthless.
After the hail storm in 2011 there were roofers on every house in the hood.    I watched them all work and narrowed it down to just a few to talk to.   Rik was the nicest, most polite, and realistically priced of all the people I talked to.    His work is excellent as well.  Can't say enough good things about him.
Went in to this location with a lot of questions and needed to see a bunch of boxes and get different prices on shipping. Sedona helped us out every step of the way and provided amazing customer service in the process. Will definitely go back here for any needs that can be fulfilled by FedEx!
I called and Morgan told me $20 per tire to mount and balance 4 tires, I was planning to leave them and pick up the next day especially since it was about 20 minutes before closing when I showed up. Not only did these guys mount and balance my tires, but they gave me a better deal than $20/tire! And they thanked me for he business! Morgan and his team at this Big O tires were flat out amazing! I will definitely return to this store with future business!!
I was working for the randstad agency in Brantford. To be honest, I have never seen more incompetent people in my life. I asked for more information regarding a position and they placed me before I even knew what the position was.   When it came to receiving payment, the branch manager said it would be put in my account TODAY (which it was not), then she said it was in the mail.. well which one is it? I have no idea. Honestly, if you want to find a good agency randstand is not the one to go to.. I sure will never make that mistake again
I have found my favorite Indian food place and plan to return many times. There is a fabulous selection of mostly Vegan dishes, chai tea is included with the buffet and you get complimentary crepe-like bread stuffed with seasoned potatoes. Feed all your Indian food cravings at Ruchi.
Yes, another Wagamama with my standard meal Yasai Itame.The food was fresh prepared as always and good, I got some extra fresh Chillies. The fresh pressed juice was nice too.Service was friendly and efficient, location was nice.
Nice place, great music, friendly people, good service and delicious coffee.Perfect place for a very good non Starbucks-Coffee!
Place has a nice decor, but the service is awful.I stopped by for a quick non Starbucks Coffee, took a seat in the nice guestroom and waited for the menue.After 10 Minutes I left and will never know the menue and will never return.Greetings from the Milkman across the street, sipping a delicious cup of coffee.By the way: the place was not overcrowded....
I love this hotel...it's huge and comforable. We have 5 gals in the room, and it's perfect. It's a hotel that is worth paying. We had a really good deal,a nd it's only $300 for the weekend. The suites are huge, and it has 3 beds. two queens size and one sofa bed. The bathoom has a bath tub and stand up shower too. i love this place.
We had a party of 11. They seated us in a private room with one other table. It was very nice. We sat by the window, so you can see the busy streets of vegas. The food is quite good. I had halibut, and it was very yummy!!! The salmon was good as well. Most of the guys had steak, but i am not a big steak eater, so can't speak about the steak there. The waiter was very nice. He also give us a story about the expensive chandelier.
Highlight of the night  *NO WAIT AND WALK RIGHT IN*I gave one star for no waiting and one star for being spacy. We came on friday night and it's typical Asian invasion. We walked in and the decoration was kinda interesting. Budda everywhere. Budda was never a decoration in chinese culture, so it made one less star. The dance floor was small and people were pushy. toward mid night, it became unbelieveably crowded. The restroom was actually pretty nice.
I like this place except for the bouncer who gave a very hard time to my friends. This place is little small from what i expected, but really good atmosphere. I remember the laser in the ceiling, and the patio. The dance floor was small, but then it wasn't as crowded as tao. It is also connected to playboy, so we can go downstair and chill. The guy needs to pay $40 even you are on guestlist.will come again!!!
I was super excited to try this place but was disappointed. It is way overpriced for the size and quality of the food. I'd compare it to a school cafeteria lunch.Staff are friendly and wait time wasn't bad so there's your two stars, but I was craving more when I left. What a let down.
Love love love! My favorite Thai place! The atmosphere is very cozy and elegant. Among my favorite items are: Thai Tea, Crab Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and Veggie Rolls. We have never had a bad server, either.
Delicious! Got the Thai tea with pad Thai and drunken noodles. The portions are huge and packed with authentic flavor. The waitress was fast and attentive and the food came out promptly.
With any massage school therapists, it will be hit or miss. They offer a fantastic deal every once in awhile for $25 two people can each receive an hour massage. Beware, everyone else also realizes this is a fantastic deal and will be lining up to take advantage of it.On average, the wait is three hours. If you have nothing else going on and don't mind, bring a deck of cards and wait away. For those who value our time, spend a little extra and book elsewhere.
I have been taking my G37 to this dealership for over a year and always have a pleasant experience. Juan is my service guy and is by far the most helpful one I have ever worked with. All other staff has also been great. The manager has come up while I've been waiting to make sure I felt at home and offered snacks and drinks. Which by the way, is the best waiting area ever! Fresh popcorn, and a wide variety of snacks/ drinks, comfortable chairs, and flat screens. I never want to leave! They really know how to take care of their customers.
Went here for the first time on Valentine's Day with a reservation and still had to wait in the bar for awhile. The staff were slow and the food was subpar. I ordered the lobster tail out of the shell, which was good besides picking out pieces of the shell and a side to "share" of the mac and cheese that was not a sharable size IMO. My boyfriend ordered a dry-aged NY strip medium, which came out very bloody and probably would be considered rare by many, which he sent back, then waited forever for it to look the same way. I understand they were very busy this night but the quality should not have been sacrificed as a result. We won't be back.
Awesome little place! Staff is extremely friendly and knowledgable of their menu and the source of all items. Check them out!
This is the go-to breakfast joint in Scottsdale. The wait on the weekend can get a little steep, but trust, it is so worth it. Their whole hog scramble and berry crepes are heaven in my mouth! And to wash down the goodness, don't forget to get their fresh-squeezed OJ. YUM!!!
Awesome nail salon. Got an appointment same day and Liz did a fantastic pedicure and gel manicure.
Just got out of my hour massage with Cassandra and it was blissful. She really listened to my needs and the other staff was just as friendly and helpful.
As our first time at Studio Movie Grill, the appearance was very inviting- clean and modern decor. Upon walking into the actual theater, my boyfriend and I had to switch seats because we reserved the table and office chairs (didn't know this from reserving online), no thanks. After switching to the "lounge" chairs, those weren't any better. The service was pretty slow even though there were only a handful of others and on a quiet Wednesday night. We ordered the chicken sandwich and got it before the popcorn, then after asking, our waiter forgot the popcorn. It was covered in butter and salt, most was even soggy, which made it unbearable to eat. We sent it back and by the end of the movie, we got a new popcorn with the same amount of butter. How can you screw up popcorn twice?! Probably won't return and stick to Harkins from now on.
Not very impressed. After multiple visits, I always had an issue. Either poor quality therapist or got cut on time. Even after the manager credited back my time, I didn't get the full time on the replacement massage. I thought Massage Envy was crap but this place trumps it.
I have been looking for a gym closer to home after canceling at a competitor. I used the trial pass to feel this place out. Eh, not very impressed. The front desk staff always seem to be having a bad day and that I'm bothering them. The equipment has obviously been around awhile. Glad I could try it out before getting sucked into a poor excuse of a gym. Now if I can just get them to stop calling.
Been here a ton and truly can't choose a favorite. Coconut, strawberry, Thai, and taro snoh and Thai tea are all great!
I received one of the best massages ever here. It is definitely different from traditional massage since you are in a large room with others lined up along side you, but this does not interfere with the experience. They truly know what they are doing here and have a very fair price range. Oh, and they offer free bottles of water- a very big plus. Will definitely be back.
Awesome! This place is everything a spa should be. Friendly, helpful employees, clean facility, private, quiet rooms, great products, and soooo relaxing. My massage therapist and esthetician was very knowledgeable and took their time to go over everything. I would highly recommend this place!
Loved that I was able to get in last minute on a Thursday and they had a great selection of OPI but my mani started peeling by Saturday. A big waste of money.
This is the best nail salon! Everyone is super nice, flexible in getting you in, large selection of polishes.
They do not use organic ingredients, but I think that's why they don't charge as much as competitors in the area. Their acai bowls are delicious. I won't be returning, though, because they have frequently messed up my order and also given it to a customer after me (they are disorganized) and offered nothing in compensation. Not even an apology. Kaleidoscope Juice FTW.
This place is nothing short of amazing. I had the 120 minute Lomi Lomi massage with Matt and it was the best massage I have ever received. He was attentive to my requests and had perfect pressure and technique. After the massage, they offer use of their showers and it felt like I was at an upscale spa. Give them a try- you won't be disappointed!
After a serious automobile accident, I called DIPT and they got me in right away and started me on a full program to recovery. I can happily say that I am back to my normal self after a few months of treatment. The friendly and accommodating staff made all the difference. I worked with Dave and Arianna and both were great and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend DIPT.
Excellent customer service. I brought my Jaguar in for a check engine light and they handled it professionally and proficiently. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
So I've only passed this place a billion times, even visited The Green Room salon that used to be located under this place and never thought to check them out. And I am regretting every one of those billion times I passed it. I can gladly say I have found my go to guy who actually knows what he is doing. That guy would be Eddie H. If you like having someone listen to your needs, and then exceed any expectation, this is your place. He is awesome sauce. For real, guys. He's no joke. Go to him. Go right meow!
I have given this place so many changes, but not anymore. I hate this location!They immediately search for any damage to your windshield and ask you to replace it before you even get a foot out your vehicle, and then again by another person when you are walking inside. The ticket writers are very incompetent and don't write the correct wash on the car or the specifics that you asked for. Once the car is "ready" make sure to check the vehicle over and that they did what you paid for. I'm not a snob but if I paid for the VIP, I would appreciate if my wheels are done and not have to ask you... TWICE. Oh, and then forget the scent, too.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else with better customer service.
Been here over a month and love it! The staff is always friendly and attentive to residents. The club house, fitness center and pool are always kept clean and all the community space is great to use and relax. It really feels like living at a resort. Thankfully, we have not had a problem with the construction or any noise from the so called thin walls. Keep it up!
If I could give zero stars, I would. This place has to be the worst doctor's office I have ever been to. I called on Monday (it took 3 times before reaching someone after being put on hold and forgotten about) and made an appointment with Dr. Ramzan for Thursday. When I arrived, no one knew who I was and the reception desk employees were very rude about the ordeal. Apparently whoever I scheduled with didn't really make my appointment.This office reeks of incompetentient and unprofessional individuals, I can only imagine what the doctor is like.
I dare you to walk in this hipster coffee shop and not want to eat all their delicious pastries and drinks! However, if you want to get any work done, bring headphones because they keep their music very high to the point where you think your ears might be bleeding. And outlets are sparse.
Decided to finally check this place out after driving past the Camelback location a bazillion times. After discovering their living social deal, I had no excuse. Welp, a few days after purchasing it I get an email the Camelback location was closed. This was a bummer since I don't live as close to the Bell location but decided to give it a shot. The black bean fritters and dinner sampler hit the spot to have a taste of what they have to offer. Despite waiting FOREVER for the food, everything was hot and delicious. The server and overall experience was pleasant. Will probably be back.
Dr. K is the best! I have taken my dog to many other vets and he has been the most caring, helpful one yet. He takes the time to really get to know your pet and leaves plenty of room for questions and to discuss what your options are. I really wish I would have found him sooner! The staff is equally as nice and compassionate, you can tell they enjoy their job and treat your fury family member just as their own. The office is also very clean. Thanks, guys!
This place is great. John was a huge help in choosing the best packaging and shipping supplies I needed and had everything ready for pick up promptly. I highly recommend QPS.
I have been going to this gym for a month now and I really like it. I was very skeptical at first after reading all the horror stories on here, but I have no complaints. The front desk is always there to help you, they keep everything really clean, the machines I want are always available, and I love having a personal TV on the cardio machines! It is a great deal.
This is an awesome consignment store! They have great quality items. I love that they post their new items on their Facebook page and can hold them for you if you call!
Awesome laid back atmosphere with made-to-order burgers! The condiment station makes it easy to design your perfect burger to pair up with the onion rings, jalapeo poppers or zucchini, which are some of my favorites. Give it a try, and don't forget to bring cash.
Today was my first appointment and I can honestly say Keiko went above and beyond my expectations. She just has a way about her that is unmatched by anyone else I have had experience with in the health field. She takes the time to fully understand you and your issues and it goes a long way. It has been about two hours after my treatment and I feel so much better and opened up already. I cannot wait for my future visits. She is simply amazing!
I love this chic salon. They use the best products (Moroccanoil, Living Proof, etc.) and really want their customers to leave feeling beautiful. I had a cut and style with Brooke and she was amazing. She listened to what I wanted and went above my expectations. I will definitely be back. Xo
